data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/CryptologistException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ExportFilter.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/concepts/Anwender.html.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/Kontakt.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/ErsterMandantDialog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/tour1.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MessungKonfiguration.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypStr.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4207398.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/PlatzhalterProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IDataSender.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/LocalOfficeApplicationPreferencesPage.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/trustx.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/TerminateListenerWrapper.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/SubstanzSelektor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/src/ch/elexis/storage/fakedb/Storable.scala.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/bestell_perspective.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/BestellBlatt.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/Kabelkonfiguration.pdf.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_10.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/SoftCache.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis_test/doc/test3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources_test/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/AllTests.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/crypt/KeyManager.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615122344146_10010395_.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/ExchangeException.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/JobPool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/IDocumentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEventCascade.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/.classpath.i
data/dokumentation/images/data1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/MSOffice97Filter.java.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/build.properties.i
data/eaustria-dame/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/.project.i
data/doc_fr/images/verb2.png.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/ui/GPGExportDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_21.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer/icons/import.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Database.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz_test/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/Test_Tarmedfaelle.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_2.HL7.i
data/elexis-notes/icons/notebook.gif.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/TimeSpan.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar/build.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/.settings/org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs.i
data/elexis-befunde/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/crypt/JCECrypter.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_7_.HL7.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/FileTool.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/zugriff.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatientDetailView2.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/commons-io-1.3.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/frau.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/util/DateTool.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/privatnotizen.tex.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/.pmd.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ITrustx.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr25.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_viollier/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/Panel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/doc/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag.tex.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.core.net.linux.x86_64_1.1.0.I20110331-0827.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/.project.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_1.1.0.v20100503/eclipse_1307.so.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/elexis-importer-aeskulap.tex.i
data/medshare-base-external/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.d
data/elexis/rsc/elexis16.gif.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung2/rechnung/RechnungsDrucker.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.0.1.jar.d
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/concepts/Gruppen.html.i
data/elexis-importer/rsc/universal_krankenkasse.xls.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.0.1.jar.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr19.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/messages.properties.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/icons/abacusjunior.ico.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/mann.png.i
data/LogBackend/src/net/kornr/log/LogBackendActivator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/connection/IOfficeConnection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.tex.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/Messung.java.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/IAsasCollection.java.i
data/elexis-mail/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/QueryFormat.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/DokumentKategorie.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/MesswertBase.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/IFormulaElement.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/db/DatabaseDocument.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/toolbar.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCellRangeName.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_06_bHCG.HL7.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ITrustx.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/DocHandleFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/BriefePerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LaborPrefs2.java.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/.project.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/handlers/HelpHandler.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/.project.i
data/elexis/rsc/platzhalter/test.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/OfficeException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IArticle.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/messages_de.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PageService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Test_Importer.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/rechnung_perspective.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/messages_de.properties.i
data/medshare-ebm/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Importer.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/IndexPageCache.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/Meldungen.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/ICodeElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda_test/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.core/doc/storage.textile.i
data/elexis/rsc/SimpleStructuredDocument.xsd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/EnhancedTextField.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/MultiplikatorEditor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/MetaXid.java.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/BildImportDialog.java.i
data/elexis/doc/script-show.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/workbench/office/editor/core/EditorCorePlugin.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/build.xml.i
data/elexis-scripting/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Util.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/compress/GLZOutputStream.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/anleitung.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/doc/overview.html.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/arzttarife.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/Activator.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631505_6068_09_12100.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/copyConfiguration.bsh.i
data/elexis-importer_test/src/ch/elexis/importer/div/Test_HL7_parser.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/MediVerlaufView.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/concepts/kontakt.html.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/LogConnection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesList.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCellRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis2_16.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/BefundePrefs.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/jcert.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/valuetexts.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/NamedBlob.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/NullMask.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/HL7.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/views/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/RTKeyListener.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/artikel_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/schreiben.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Fall.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/auftragsetikette.ico.i
data/dokumentation/images/labor3.png.i
data/doc_fr/views/abrechnung.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ResultAdapter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/xchange.tex.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOText.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/tests/eaustria/dame/daten/DameProtokollauswertertests.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/address_book.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Rechnung.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/EncapsulatedData.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/JavaNumberFormatCondition.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/GlobalTextDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ReadOnceTreeLoader.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/tour2.png.d
data/documentation francaise/images/showviewdialog.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/javadoc.xml.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/views/MessungBearbeiten.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/print.gif.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_3.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/plugin.properties.i
data/elexis-notes/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/build.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/script/Script.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/calendar_day.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/fehler.ico.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/xchange/BefundeItem.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/GenericImporter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/BlockDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_17.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/auf_view.ico.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/eigenleistung/EigenleistungLoader.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/MessageFactory.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/AddBuchungDialog.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf0.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4207396_Resultat_mit_Punkt.hl7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/rsc/tarmed.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/index_codes_genleg.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_import_1.png.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/ausrufez_rot.ico.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/elexis-utilities_test.iml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/PatientPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/ScriptingException.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextContentEnumeration.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/elexis_openvpn_client.lyx.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/Message.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/MimePart.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Xref.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/icons/balloon.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/readme.html.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_add_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr13.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_viollier/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/LeistungsFactory.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/molemax.tex.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/pat_garanten.xls.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/ICDCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/eaustria-edifact/tests/eaustria/edifact/EdifactTestsBase.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_7.HL7.i
data/elexis-agenda/lib/commons-codec-1.3.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/IOutputter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/Resultat_1.png.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/KontaktImporterBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/valuetexts.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_9.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/ILoginNews.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IEventListener.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631490_6038_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/personok.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/org/eclipse/wb/swt/ResourceManager.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/FakturaJournal.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/reference/subtopic2.html.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/labimport/LabOrderImport.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/schnittstelle/ITabelle.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/beans/IPropertyKey.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824132124702_2009082420690908_12005.HL7.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings-agenda-druck2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Rechnungssteller.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/ok.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/Namen.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/ACLContributor.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/views/Preferences.java.i
data/noatext/requirements.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/messages_de.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/AbstractRichTextDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr12.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextFieldMaster.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/AeskulapImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/DateField.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/TextView.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/Glukose_GrpChemie_Pos1234.hl7.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/briefe.xls.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/rsc/messwerte_v2.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/coreschemas/datatypes-base.xsd.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/tessinercode.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IText.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/new.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_19.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TermineDruckenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/presentation/IPresentationDocument.java.i
data/elexis-omnivore/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/IllegalInputException.java.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/views/WikiView.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/.project.i
data/elexis/schema/Sidebar.exsd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KontaktErfassenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/documents_text.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/libcairo-swt.so.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_13.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/libcairo-swt.so.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/LabResult.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.d
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099995105610984000_12388.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.features.switzerland.de/.pmd.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/planned.ico.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/oddb.diff.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_2_20090824115223734_2009082420691302_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Datenbank.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/poi-2.5.1-final-20040804.jar.d
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkCommunicationException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_12.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/preferences/Utilities.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/tour2.png.i
data/dokumentation/clean.cmd.i
data/elexis/rsc/home.ico.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/SlEntry.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/tour2.png.d
data/elexis/rsc/group.png.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/ArtikelDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/util/HL7Helper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/FallPlaneRechnung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaAnzeige.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/testdaten/kx21_1.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/doc/beispieldaten.csv.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/vip_overlay.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/.eclipseproduct.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/document/SearchService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/config.jpg.i
data/elexis/rsc/minus.ico.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/.classpath.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/SidebarPreferences.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/icons/afinion_icon.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/order/LabOrderAction.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/ExportiereBloeckeCommand.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/fall.ico.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/PatientPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/xChangeImporter.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings-agenda-druck1.jpg.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BAGMediLabelProvider.java.i
data/hsql-adapter/hsqldb.jar.d
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/views/AgendaWeekListener.java.i
data/elexis-fire/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.features.switzerland.de/.project.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/ExportData.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/Db_extinfo_updater.java.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/.project.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/db_updater.textile.i
data/elexis/rsc/lupe.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/views/BaseAgendaView.java.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/XChangeContributor.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/TODO.txt.i
data/medshare-ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/AbstractPersistentObjectTest.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/views/OddbSelector.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/messwert.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/FlatDataLoader.java.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/build.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/upload.cmd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/exporter-scripts.textile.i
data/elexis-simpletext/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-icpc/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/DecoratedStyleRange.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/Base64.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/au/com/bytecode/opencsv/CSVReader.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/liesmich-nodemo.txt.i
data/elexis/rsc/open.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090821153611913_2009082120690905_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/DataAccess.exsd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ContactrefElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/.project.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/HL7.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/export/hl7/Settings.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/floppy.png.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/gettingstarted/system.html.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/ChCtPatientenerfassungPatient.java.i
data/TestElexis/ch/elexis/tests/hashtable.txt.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/xml-apis.jar.svn-base.i
data/doc_fr/views/laborview.tex.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/Cryptologist.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Texterstellung.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/elexis.xml.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4198004.hl7.i
data/jdomwrapper/jdom.jar.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/build.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/BaseSelectQuery.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung4.png.i
data/jdomwrapper/jdom.jar.d
data/OOwrapper/ridl.jar.d
data/elexis-konsview-default/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/fop-wrapper/build.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/openEHR/BaseTypes.xsd.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/arrow_up.png.i
data/documentation francaise/mitmachen.tex.i
data/OOwrapper/ridl.jar.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/kontakte_view.png.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/kassenbuch/KassenbuchEintragFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_commit_3.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/createTable.script.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/src/ch/ngiger/comm/ftp/FtpServer.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/tafel.jpg.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/ResponseAnalyzer.java.i
data/TestElexisNonUI/src/pde/test/utils/PDETestPortLocator.java.i
data/BuildElexis/buildr.rb.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung6.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/runconfig3.png.d
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/runconfig3.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/EpisodeElement.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/anschrifteingabe.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/hl7export.bat.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/.project.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/messages.properties.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/.classpath.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/developer.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026171802703_LA10430254_MOLIS_13171.HL7.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/doc/hilotec-messwerte.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.features.switzerland.de/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/AnschriftEingabeDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IOfficeApplicationConfiguration.java.i
data/elexis/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_24.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties.lx64.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/CBZip2InputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/.pmd.i
data/dokumentation/images/konnd.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/XIDDomains.java.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/ApplicationAssistant.java.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/ArtikelContextMenu.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/minus.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/src/ch/elexis/storage/fakedb/PersistentObject.scala.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv11.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatFilterImpl.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/BBSView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/Encounter.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/formula/FormulaDocument.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/SampleDataLabelProvider.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/PageChannel.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/javax.transaction_1.1.1.v200906161300.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/information.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/LeistungPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/AnhangGeräteHandbuch.pdf.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBConnectSecondPage.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/kassenbuch.png.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/Aktivierer.java.i
data/hsql-adapter/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/AnhangGeräteHandbuch.pdf.d
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/ui/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/import.gif.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/OrderedHashMap.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.AerztekasseImport/.classpath.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypBool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/RunnableWithParamAndReturnValue.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/messages_de.properties.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/Importer.java.i
data/elexis_test/doc/test1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/briefe_perspective.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/INumberFormat.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/views/AlleBriefe.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_pull_2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextContentEnumeration.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/samples/3000303802.hl7.d
data/ch.elexis.AerztekasseImport/.project.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/Episode.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/messages_en.properties.i
data/h2-adapter/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/samples/3000303802.hl7.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/schema/Diagnosecode.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631786_6186_09_12346.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/wizard.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/views/DetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/commons-codec-1.3.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/KontaktImporterDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/ArtikelView.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/TarmedDetailDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/form/IFormService.java.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/dialogs/VerifierDialog.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings-agenda-druck1.png.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Mandant.java.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631552_5883_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/VerrDetailDialog.java.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesView.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/PhysioDetailDisplay.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/data1.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/.classpath.i
data/documentation francaise/images/notiz2.png.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/.classpath.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.idx.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/documentation francaise/images/agendagewaehlt.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/.classpath.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/compress/CompEx.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung3.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/ErsterMandantDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/build.properties.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/gettingstarted/modular.html.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_7.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda_test/src/ch/elexis/agenda/AllTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/LocalOfficeApplicationPreferencesPage.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/crypt/Cryptologist.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/BigIndexData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/messages.properties.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/Logger.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/ejb2.0.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/bell__exclamation.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/Patientenblatt2.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/grundkonfmand1.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/rfe1.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/befunde6.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/doc/images/scalefield.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/book.png.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/Debug.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/notiz3.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/pendenzenview.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/export/hl7/Start.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IParagraph.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/ReflotronSprintAction.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/PersistentObject.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/ebanking_ch/command/LoadESRFileHandler.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/IJavaFormattedNumber.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/bion_officebean-2.0.jar.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/hl7export-20110508.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/ByteArrayXInputStreamAdapter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/eigenleistung/EigenleistungDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/ICDImporter.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/InexistingFileOKFileFieldEditor.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/importdlg.png.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis.switzerland.feature/feature.xml.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/TarmedPrefs.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/printer.png.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/ProportionalSheet.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/.pmd.i
data/TestElexis/ch/elexis/tests/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentContextMenu.java.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/dialogs/VerifierDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources_test/.project.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/artikel_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung3.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/Messages.java.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/commons-codec-1.4.jar.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Substance.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099999105614234000_12388.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/INumberFormatService.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/CharacterProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/documentmanager2.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf5.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/ViewerConfigurer.java.i
data/OOwrapper/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/Compress/RLL.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Rezept.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/LoadDocumentOperation.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/createDB.script.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/CalculateString.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ByteUtil.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Zugriff.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/Tree.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ParagraphPropertyStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IDebtor.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv5.png.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/Datenextraktorbeobachter.java.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/Anschrift.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450093_LA10430174_MOLIS_12343.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IPerson.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/ausrufez.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/ITextTableFormulaElement.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_20.HL7.i
data/eaustria-utensil/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/rezept_view.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/xml.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/LocalOfficeApplication.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/icons/bomb.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/1_1_20060602122443408_0000550567_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/Application.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_push_4.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/StringConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_05_Mikrobiologie2.HL7.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/plugin.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/CloneException.java.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/build.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_7.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/TrustXLog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/grundkonfmand.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/DocumentSelectDialog.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/TextContainer.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/sandbox.jar.i
data/ch.elexis_test/lib/powermock-mockito-1.4.6-full.jar.i
data/elexis-fire/doc/fire2.png.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/Privatnotiz.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_1.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis_test/lib/powermock-mockito-1.4.6-full.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/LocalOfficeApplicationConfiguration.java.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/views/ExterneDokumente.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/plugin_de.properties.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/ausrufez_rot.ico.i
data/elexis-agenda/build.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/encounter.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7Parser.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/commons-logging.NOTICE.txt.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/UtilException.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/lib/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar.i
data/elexis-importer/build.properties.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/h2.jar.d
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/HL7_OML_O21.java.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Risch-Bern/PreferencePage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/PackageException.java.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/AbacusJuniorAction.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IApplicationAssistant.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_16_.HL7.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099997105612638000_12388.HL7.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestSoapConverter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631583_5915_09_12100.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.carbon.macosx_1.0.200.v20090520-1835/launcher.carbon.macosx.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/AbstractSticker.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/ZusammenfassungEntwicklung.doc.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xml-apis.NOTICE.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/IntTool.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/Lipsum.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/rsc/arztpraxen.xls.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test.eml.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/Substance.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/LockFile.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/abfall.ico.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/gettingstarted/systemunabh.html.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/MesswertFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FixMediDisplay.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/bestell1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Sticker.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/frame/IFrameProvider.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/encounter.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/SelectFallDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_22.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/mann.ico.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/deps/bsh/bsh/2.0b4/bsh-2.0b4.jar.d
data/BuildElexis/rsc/deps/bsh/bsh/2.0b4/bsh-2.0b4.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450093_LA10430174_MOLIS_12343.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/.classpath.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/RechnungsPrefs.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/IRichTextDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/BitInputStream.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/doc/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken.tex.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/mobilephone.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/matchers/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/reflotron_device.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/SampleDataTypeFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/consult_view.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/beans/IProperties.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/kassenbuch.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/perspectives/PatientPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/createDB.script.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/Validator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/JavaNumberFormatCondition.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615165352256_10010407_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/buch2.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/export/hl7/Logger.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/lib/log4j-over-slf4j-1.6.1.jar.i
data/documentation francaise/images/xc4.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/AUF2.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/ExternalSort.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/platzhalter.gif.i
data/doc_fr/settings.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/jut.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv16.png.i
data/OOwrapper/plugin.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice50Filter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/vip.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_import_1.png.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/.pmd.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7Parser.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/data/KontaktOrderManagement.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7Constants.java.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/JobListener.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/messages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/falldetail.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/AnschriftEingabeDialog.java.i
data/elexis-fire/rsc/beispiel.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.core.model/ch.elexis.core.model.iml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/printer.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/achtung.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/edit.gif.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/hl7export.bat.i
data/elexis-omnivore/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/pill.png.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xalan.regexp.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_change_C1_1.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/buch3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.jivex/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/ArtikelView.java.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/icpc.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/data/Importer.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/valuetexts.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/Diagnosecode.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/IDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/LaborTaxpunktkorrektur.java.i
data/doc_fr/menu.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Config_1.png.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/Artikeldetail.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf1.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf7.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/PrefAccessDenied.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ICharacterProperties.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.2.R36x_v20101019_1345/launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/EditAUFDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/.project.i
data/elexis-mail/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/views/TagesView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_15.HL7.i
data/eaustria-basis/tests/LIESMICH.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings-agenda-druck1.eps.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/RedistributeDocuments.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf2.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/preferences/AgendaImages.java.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/.pmd.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/Substance.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.core.filesystem.linux.x86_64_1.2.0.v20100505-1235.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/new.ico.i
data/eaustria-utensil/tests/eaustria/utensil/Zeittests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/src/ch/elexis/core/traits/PersonTrait.scala.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableService.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/httpcore-4.0.1.jar.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Import.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/httpcore-4.0.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RechnungsBlatt.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/.project.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/medelexis.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableRowCloneService.java.i
data/elexis-updater/src/ch/elexis/update/UpdateAction.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/UserSettings2.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/NOAUIPlugin.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/TarmedRequirements.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv13.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/soap.xsd.i
data/dokumentation/images/encounter.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.100.v20110505/launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/core/SWTbotUtils.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/Heartbeat.java.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/DocumentManagement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/TextException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.0.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/messages_fr.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextCursorService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/PersistentObjectFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/crypt/X509Cert.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/.project.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/LICENSE_it.rtf.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Risch-Bern/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/RiskElement.java.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/src/org/ekkescorner/logging/osgi/LoggingConstants.java.i
data/TestElexis/ch/elexis/tests/TestCompress.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/schloss_zu.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.100.v20110505/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/PingerJob.java.i
data/LogBackend/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/crypt/JCECrypter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTableRowPropertyStore.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/arrow_next.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/BezugsKontakt.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/diskette.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FallListeView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/JavaFormattedNumber.java.i
data/BuildElexis/hudson/setup_hudson_service.rb.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AddMultiplikatorDialog.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Format.java.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/BriefAuswahl.java.i
data/dokumentation/installs/macinst.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/ArzttarifFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/FileUtility.java.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/plugin.xml.i
data/dokumentation/views/stammdaten.tex.i
data/elexis/schema/GenderService.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/runconfig1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Result.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/tour2.png.d
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/src/ch/elexis/oowrapper3/package.html.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/TimeSpan.java.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_add_5.png.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/Messwert.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/tour2.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/HL7Constants.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/daten.gif.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MarkupElement.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/GenericRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesPerspective.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IGlobalTextDocument.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FixMediDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/EncapsulatedData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/junit-3.8.1.jar.i
data/dokumentation/images/rechnungsview.png.d
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/Result.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/icons/sample.gif.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/elexis-connect-afinion.pdf.d
data/doc_fr/images/use2.png.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/elexis-connect-afinion.pdf.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/edit.gif.i
data/dokumentation/images/rechnungsview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/readme.textile.i
data/elexis-importer/rsc/universalimport.xls.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ViewMenus.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS/1_1_20091207153115321_20091207_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/.classpath.i
data/elexis-agenda/plugin_en.properties.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv9.png.i
data/elexis-switzerland/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xalan-2.7.0.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xalan-2.7.0.jar.i
data/dokumentation/images/showviewdialog.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/TimeTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/pill.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7ParserV26.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/Compress/Huff.java.i
data/ch.elexis/index.html.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Mandant.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/TarmedRequirements.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/beans/AbstractProperties.java.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/SqlSettings.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/desktop/IFrame.java.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/doc/beispiel.xls.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/connected.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/diskette.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/build.properties.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/MsgDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/.settings/org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.prefs.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_15_.HL7.i
data/elexis-ui/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/SeriesType.java.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ListLoader.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/src/ch/elexis/importer/div/AllTests.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818202948618_2009081820690917_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/org/eclipse/wb/swt/SWTResourceManager.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ICursorService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv8.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/ObservationMessage.java.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/.svn/entries.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/icons/sysmex.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/images/boolfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/ambulanz.ico.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TerminStatusDialog.java.i
data/dokumentation/appendix/varianten.tex.i
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/abrvor2.png.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Descriptions.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/ChoiceDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_33.HL7.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/h2.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_27.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/TreeContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/SimpleImportFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Mandant.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEvent.java.i
data/dokumentation/standardplugins.tex.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/IcpcPerspektive.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/ui/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/einbahn.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/log4j.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/KontaktFieldEditor.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/problemliste2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/AccessControlDefaults.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824115323751_2009082420691302_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/adressetikette.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IAnnotationService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/perspectives/ArtikelPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/KonsExtension.java.i
data/h2-adapter/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/PreferencePage.java.i
data/elexis-notes/doc/notestools.png.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/DocumentRemover.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBImportFirstPage.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/changes.txt.i
data/elexis-importer-aerztekasse/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/Kalium_Pdf.hl7.d
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/Kalium_Pdf.hl7.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/WeisseSeitenSearchView.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7ParserV23.java.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/jenkins/core.target/config.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/IDocumentProvider.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ViewMenus.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/new_wiz.gif.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631552_5882_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/clipboard.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentDescriptorTransformer.java.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Joiner.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/Expand.java.i
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/update14.tex.i
data/elexis/rsc/rezept_view.png.i
data/TestElexis/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/EditLabItem.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/IMarkup.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/bestell_perspective.png.i
data/medshare-directories/medelexis.xml.i
data/fop-wrapper/fop.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/rsc/database.png.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MesswertTypScale.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/src/ch/elexis/test/smoketest/messages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/elexis48.eps.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/VidalLabelProvider.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026160040546_LA10430201_MOLIS_12677.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/XChangeContainer.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/Preferences.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/DocumentEvent.java.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/src/ch/ngiger/comm/ftp/FtpSemaException.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/person.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/desktop/GlobalCommands.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/DisplayPanel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/frame/DispatchWrapper.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/.pmd.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/FindingsView.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/DataAccessor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB.eml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/AgendaImporter.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/SubRecordPart.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/DocumentListenerWrapper.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr22.png.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/events/ElexisEvent.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/unzipDemoDB.bsh.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings4.png.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ClassFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/PDFFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/rsc/beispiel.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IParagraph.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/docs/README.txt.i
data/doc_fr/installs/dbanbindung.tex.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/tarmedbuch2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/docs/README.txt.d
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_9.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer_test/.classpath.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/weekview.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/Messung.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/elexislogo48.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/ProportionalSheet.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_6.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/ContactInfo.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnContentProvider.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/PSWFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/italic.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/fragment_views.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/AddressElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450140_LA10430184_MOLIS_12883.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/filter.gif.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/AeskulapImporter.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/Logger.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/sample.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/CDSSGroup.java.i
data/dokumentation/settings.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/Sidebar.exsd.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/MSOffice95Filter.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/kontaktdetail.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/befunde5.png.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ClassFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/rsc/universal_patienten.xls.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/OfficeApplicationRuntime.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ElexisText.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/PatientPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/.project.i
data/elexis/rsc/arrow_next.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/TextData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MSOffice2003XMLFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEventDispatcher.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr20.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/FormBorderPainter.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_6.HL7.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/IValueType.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/Log.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_14.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/.classpath.i
data/elexis-simpletext/plugin.xml.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_3.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer-praxistar/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/PatientMenuPopulator.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631786_6186_09_12346.HL7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/TestElexisWT/src/ch/elexis/test/smoketest/ConfigNL_C.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.carbon.macosx_1.0.200.v20090520-1835/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/elexis-utilities.eml.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_15.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/services.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/EpisodeRefElement.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/adressetikette.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IAnnotationService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/plugin.xml.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xercesImpl-2.7.1.jar.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_3_.HL7.i
data/doc_fr/images/befunde1.png.i
data/elexis-importer/build.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/PDBFilter.java.i
data/elexis/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_pocH.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/lib/commons-codec.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/Page.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/bbs_perspective.jpg.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/starter-mac.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/BaseView.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_4.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/aerztekasseimporter.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FixMediDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/TextContainer.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/views/AgendaGross.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/AbstractProperties.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/PackageException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.keycab/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/StatusLine.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/CodeDetailView.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/MiGelImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/BestellPerspektive.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/sichten/meldungen.properties.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/views/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/coreschemas/datatypes.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/messages.properties.i
data/OOwrapper/build.properties.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTable.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/Handler.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/build.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCloneService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/schloss.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Eigenleistung.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/config/Konfiguration.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/xml-apis-1.3.02.jar.d
data/elexis-agenda/icons/gruen.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/messages_de.properties.i
data/fop-wrapper/xml-apis-1.3.02.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/ImporterAllTests.launch.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/DefaultContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/fragment.xml.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/DameACLBeisteller.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/messages_fr.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/cache/EhBasedCache.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedikamentSelector.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/icons/balloon.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/money.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf6.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/doc/ch.elexis.icpc.fire.tex.i
data/TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/AllTests.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/cross_small.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/lib/ical4j-1.0-beta4.jar.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/netzwerk.ico.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-agenda/lib/ical4j-1.0-beta4.jar.d
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/document__pencil.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/liesmich.txt.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentSelector2.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/DefaultOutputter.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/testrefM.hl7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Stammdatenexport.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Texterstellung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/rsc/medics32.png.i
data/elexis-importer-praxistar/build.xml.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/CfgSettings.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentExporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/build.properties.i
data/elexis-icpc/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/Plafs.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/Chol_Punkt_NTE.hl7.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesPerspective.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigExterneDaten_testConfigExterneDaten_screenshot_0.png.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigExterneDaten_testConfigExterneDaten_screenshot_0.png.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/StringConstants.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/import.png.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/ElexisFormatterProfile.xml.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/ElexisValidation.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/SO30PresentationToDraw.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/DocumentExport.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/BereichMenuCreator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818202948618_2009081820690917_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_19.HL7.i
data/TestElexisWT/src/ch/elexis/test/smoketest/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/bulletGrey.png.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xercesImpl.NOTICE.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/BriefAuswahl.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/IDiagnose.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/calendar_view_day.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/elexis-utilities_test.eml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.feature/feature.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/BaseRichTextDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/ausrufez_rot.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PersistentObjectDragSource.java.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/createDB.script.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AnschriftEingabeDialog.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/home.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/PropertyMap.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Etiketten.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/Import_Konfiguration.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/ArtikelLabelProvider.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/packages_multi_class.yaml.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/plugin.xml.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.100.v20110505/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/LocalOfficeConnection.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/desktop/IFrame.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigExterneDaten_testConfigExterneDaten_screenshot_1.png.d
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_5.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/ApplicationProperties.java.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/.classpath.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/PortEventListener.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap.tex.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IOutputter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/testdaten/kx21N_3.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/8_em_pencil.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_10.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/poi-3.6-20091214.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/poi-3.6-20091214.jar.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/.settings/org.eclipse.wst.common.component.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7ParserV26.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/rs232/AbstractConnection.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/build.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/labneu1.png.i
data/elexis-omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/DocHandleFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/ElexisException.java.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/.project.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/db/IDatabaseDocument.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/.externalToolBuilders/Jar_Builder.launch.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/build.properties.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis_test/doc/test2.png.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/doc/interakt1.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/3000303800.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/3000303800.hl7.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Prescription.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/eigenleistung/EigenleistungCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/icons/active.png.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.bbl.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung14.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextDocument.java.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AddBuchungDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ResultAdapter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_IntTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/arrow_next.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborleistungDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Eigenartikel.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AssignStickerDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/librxtxSerial.so.i
data/elexis/rsc/personok.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.out.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/finished.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/.classpath.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/elexis.app/Contents/MacOS/elexis.ini.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/buckminster/p2.properties.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818143945101_2009081820690915_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/.pmd.i
data/elexis/rsc/error_ovr.bmp.i
data/elexis-mail/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/BefundePerspektive.java.i
data/elexis-connect-abxmicros/.classpath.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/jsse.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/AccountListView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/rs232/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/elexis_openvpn_client.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/XMLComposite.xsd.i
data/doc_fr/images/use4.png.i
data/ch.elexis/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/VerrechnungscodeAdjuster.exsd.i
data/elexis/rsc/rezept.ico.i
data/TestElexis/ch/elexis/tests/TestSAT.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/tessinercode.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/HTMLFilter.java.i
data/documentation francaise/views/stammdaten.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/laborlink/LaborLink.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_06_Mikrobiologie3.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/images/data1.eps.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/README.txt.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/elexis-jre.nsi.i
data/elexis-omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/OmnivoreView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/MoneyInput.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/agendagewaehlt.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/fileneu.gif.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/add.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/document__minus.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/xercesImpl.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextComponent.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/sichten/DameDokumentliste.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.model/src/ch/elexis/core/model/CorePersistentObject.java.i
data/doc_fr/ersteschritte-addendum.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026153950093_LA10400001_MOLIS_12883.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/compress/RLL.java.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/EigenartikelPersistentObjectFactory.java.i
data/noatext/src/ch/elexis/noa/OOPrinter.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.createPatient_testcreatePatient_screenshot_0.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/util/PatientIdFormatter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/Interaction.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/lib/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/PersistenceService.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/esr1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/mann.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/emptyTransparent.png.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ExportUtil.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/rsc/dummy.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_10.HL7.i
data/doc_fr/images/grundkonfmand1.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/notizen1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_4.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/SelectQuery.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/page_copy.png.i
data/documentation francaise/menu.tex.i
data/elexis/rsc/refresh.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Plz.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/fop.jar.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.core/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/messages_en.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/labor4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/KX-21N_IFU_fin_2.0_de.pdf.d
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/KX-21N_IFU_fin_2.0_de.pdf.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/connected.jpg.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819175356958_2009081920690879_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/AbstractFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/LoginDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_11_.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/CHANGELOG.txt.i
data/doc_fr/images/import1.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/labimport/PatientLabor.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/stringtemplate-2.2.jar.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Paragraph.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/AddMenuToKompendium.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc3.png.i
data/TestElexisWT/src/ch/elexis/test/smoketest/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/OfficePanel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/doc/elexis-medikamente-bag.tex.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/.project.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/doc/newmsg3.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/compress/HuffmanInputStream.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/firma.xls.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/installation_openvpn_redhat.lyx.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.ilg.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/compress/Huff.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/arrow_up.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ch/elexis/noa/OOPrinter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/crypt/GnuPG.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/.classpath.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/KonsListe.java.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/tagMsgOrigin.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MedicationsElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_24.HL7.i
data/documentation francaise/images/labor5.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/commons-logging.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/messages.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/emailsettings.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/xc2.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings-agenda-druck1.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_1.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/use4.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/PhysioPrefs.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/testdaten/kx21N_1.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/messages_en.properties.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/Resultat_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/Tageseinteilung.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/.pmd.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/views/BaseAgendaView.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.0.200.v20090520/launcher.gtk.linux.x86.properties.i
data/mysql-adapter/README.txt.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MesswertTypBool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090612083757162_10009977_.HL7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/EndingType.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/desktop/IDesktopService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/AsyncProgressMonitorWrapper.java.i
data/elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_Fall.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819181957118_2009081920690880_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/LargeFileLookup.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/Presets.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/RXTXcomm.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/Eigenartikel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica.tex.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/.classpath.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/updater.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/schloss_zu.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/ExHandler.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/delete.gif.i
data/documentation francaise/images/xc2.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/EditLabItem.java.i
data/ch.elexis/splash.xcf.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/IntTool.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/problemliste1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/report.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/SpinnerField.java.i
data/documentation francaise/views/abrechnung.tex.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/samples/messwerte_v2.xml.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_Leistungsblock.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/MsgHeartListener.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/HL7_OML_O21.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/Debug.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/documents_text.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/ICalTransfer.java.i
data/dokumentation/installs/default.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/PreferencePage.java.i
data/BuildElexis/clean.cmd.i
data/OOwrapper/src/com/sun/star/comp/beans/OOoBean.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/dokumente.xls.i
data/elexis-utilities/readme.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/frame/Dispatch.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/.pmd.i
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/classic.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_02_Bild.HL7.i
data/elexis-fire/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextRange.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/LaborView.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/afinion_logo.jpg.i
data/documentation francaise/images/bild2.png.i
data/elexis/schema/Verrechnungscode.exsd.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/stethoskop.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ConsTextController.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/EnhancedTextField2.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/AlleLeistungen.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.out.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/labor.ico.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/ResponseAnalyzer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/src/ch/elexis/core/application/lipsum.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/VerrechnungsDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/build.properties.i
data/doc_fr/installs/default.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/hl7/universal/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450109_LA10430181_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/menubar.ico.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/delete.gif.i
data/mysql-adapter/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/XidException.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090821153611913_2009082120690905_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819175356958_2009081920690879_12005.HL7.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/antlr-2.7.7.jar.i
data/doc_fr/images/notizen1.png.i
data/eaustria-utensil/tests/eaustria/utensil/AdHocDecoderTests.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631708_6126_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-mail/activation.jar.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/build.xml.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/antlr-2.7.7.jar.d
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/patientdetail_view.png.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/log4j-1.2.16.jar.d
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/DebugErrorHandler.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ConsTextController.java.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/DataAccessor.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/log4j-1.2.16.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/Messages.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/OffenePostenListe.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_23.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/KonsFilter.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/calendar_view_day.png.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/Verrechnungscode.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/util/HL7Helper.java.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/.project.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/README.i
data/elexis/src/com/tiff/common/ui/datepicker/package.html.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/RegexpFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/new-box.gif.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/bestell_perspective.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/entwicklernotizen.odt.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/ContentProvider.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/entwicklernotizen.odt.d
data/ElexisBasicFeature/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/agenda.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/CSVExporter.java.i
data/elexis/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-utilities/javadoc.xml.i
data/elexis-scripting/plugin.xml.i
data/doc_fr/images/konslisteview.png.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/views/MessungTypDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Counter.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf8.png.d
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/doc/images/numfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.tex.i
data/noatext/medelexis.xml.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf1.png.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/TarmedLeistung.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Importer.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/IDocumentManager.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7LaborWert.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_AbsolutPositivAbnormal.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.scripting.beanshell/src/ch/elexis/scripting/beanshell/Interpreter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_2.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/schloss_offen.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/adressetikette.png.i
data/elexis-tools/helpdesk/custom/elexisplus-logo.gif.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/OfficeException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/script/IScript.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Plz.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KGPrintView.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/HL7_ORU_R01.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/batik-all-1.6.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/AbstractPart.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/batik-all-1.6.jar.i
data/doc_fr/appendix/varianten.tex.i
data/dokumentation/images/etikette2.png.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/briefe.xls.i
data/elexis-ui/.classpath.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FallDetailBlatt2.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/messages_de.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/buildenvironment.txt.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/rsc/pin_green.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_push_2.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.carbon.macosx_1.0.200.v20090520-1835/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/elexis-utilities/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.ilg.i
data/mysql-adapter/docs/connector-j.pdf.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/document__plus.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/.project.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verb1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/MultilineFieldEditor.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/CDA-CH_Sample_de-CH.xsl.i
data/elexis_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/stethoskop.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xalan.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Bioanalytica/1_20110523114411302_10-00000129S_12388.HL7.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/ZahlungsJournal.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/consult_view.ico.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/adressat.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/omnivore1.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/ChoiceDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/PlatzhalterView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/TemplatePrintView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/AddressElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IPersistentObjectFactory.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_5.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/mail.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/printing/IPrintService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Status.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DBImageDescriptor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/SimpleIndex.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/AbstractData.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/import.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818200648496_2009081320690933_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/PocketOfficeFilter.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Tageseinteilung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/DBaseFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/com/tiff/common/ui/datepicker/DatePicker.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/kassenbuch.tex.i
data/dokumentation/images/rezept.png.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/lib/commons-io-2.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/patientdetail_view.png.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/TrustXTransmit.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/LaborleistungCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_add_2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/lib/commons-io-2.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/frame/ILayoutManager.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/eclipse_1307.dll.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/compress/GLZInputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/perspectives/AdressPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Transaction.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar/doc/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar.tex.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/LangResources_fr_CH.properties.i
data/LogBackend/src/net/kornr/log/LogbackAdaptor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Table.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/DocumentModifyListenerWrapper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableRow.java.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/actions/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/setup_1.png.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/perspectives/BBSPerspective.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450109_LA10430175_MOLIS_12343.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/HistoryLoader.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/LangResources_de_CH.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/TreeToStringConverter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/ServiceInterfaceSupplier.java.i
data/eaustria-basis/src/eaustria/basis/dialoge/Kontaktauswahldialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/IFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/printer.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf7.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ShortcutListener.java.i
data/elexis-scripting/.classpath.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/TarmedLeistung.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/PatientenErfassungSoapBindingStub.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/.project.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/Bakteriologiebefund_TX.hl7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCellRangeName.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/messwert.jpg.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/build.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/filterdialog.png.i
data/elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_Patient.java.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/.classpath.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_4.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IDocumentModifyListener.java.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/Bild.java.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/HistoryDisplay2.java.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-codec-1.4-javadoc.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/LocalApplicationWizard.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xml-apis.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xalan.BCEL.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/EigenartikelDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_8_.HL7.i
data/postgresql-adapter/.project.i
data/doc_fr/images/patlistfilter.png.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Mittelland/Unilabs_Mittelland_1.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631771_6009_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/ICustomerRelation.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/pendenzenview.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/SafeElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/commands/ExportCommand.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/poi-3.0.1-FINAL-20070705.jar.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824131824649_2009082420690906_12005.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellRangeName.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/poi-3.0.1-FINAL-20070705.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/schema/ACLContribution.exsd.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/plugin.xml.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/daten/Konfigurationskonstanten.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Messages.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/tarmed4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EncounterDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FaelleView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/XMLDocBookFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/Messages.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/doc/nachrichten.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/SubRecordPart.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/OpenMedical/0025_with CRLF.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Mittelland/Unilabs_Mittelland_4.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/DocumentSelectDialog.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/log4j.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/openEHR/Structure.xsd.i
data/elexis-importer/src/au/com/bytecode/opencsv/CSVReader.java.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/FremdDatenImport.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextContentEnumeration.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/NeuerFallDialog.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/util/UtilFile.java.i
data/noatext/rsc/empty.odt.i
data/elexis/schema/scripting.exsd.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819134654859_2009081920690919_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/SimpleImportFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/ACLContributor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/messages_en.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IAnnotationService.java.i
data/elexis-importer/doc/import_1.png.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/commons-beanutils-1.8.0.jar.d
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/ImageChooser.java.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/hl7/universal/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/connected.jpg.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/elexis/regiomed/estudio/RegiomedAction.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ProcessController.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/icons/reflotron.png.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IDBObjectCache.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/export.gif.i
data/dokumentation/images/emailsettings.png.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/buckminster/win32_prod.properties.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/DiagnoseCodeFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Column.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc7.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825160636979_2009082520691315_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTable.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/DefaultLabelProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/kontakt_perspective.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/ITextTableFormulaElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/InteraktionsDialog.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/bestellen.gif.i
data/elexis-agenda_test/src/ch/elexis/agenda/AllTests.java.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/BlockSelector.java.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/postgresql.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/postgresql.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableFormulaExpression.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar/.project.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_7.HL7.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/.project.i
data/elexis/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/BZip2Constants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-switzerland/feature.xml.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/Panel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/icons/afinion_old.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/ErrorCodeTranslator.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/license.textile.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OpenTemplateFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/AllDataAccessor.java.i
data/elexis-notes/doc/config.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/GlobalActions.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_33.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/services/IDocumentManager.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/BookmarkService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_viollier/.project.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/draw/DrawingDocument.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FaelleView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.scripting.beanshell/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/i18n/packsLang.xml_fra.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/frame/IDispatchDelegate.java.i
data/elexis-fire/fragment.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/BitInputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/RestrictedAction.java.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/whatisit.textile.i
data/TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/report.png.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/.project.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4197158.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/script/Script.java.i
data/eaustria-edifact/.classpath.i
data/doc_fr/views/einfuehrung.tex.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/roche_logo.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/printing/PrintProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/schloss_offen.png.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/Result.java.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/poi-2.5.1-final-20040804.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/edit.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/util/Plannables.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/rsc/ElexisPluginGenerator.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/medelexis.xml.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/openEHR/OpenehrProfile.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung2/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_13.HL7.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/doc/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.tex.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/lib/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/dat/praxis.sem.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/BZip2Constants.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/toolbarbutton.jpg.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/WeisseSeitenSearchView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr8.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Kontakt.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/ObservationMessage.java.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/BildFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/911059739_10026.hl7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ReadOnceTreeLoader.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr23.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_KX21.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/kassenbuch.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/Messages.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypData.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/text/AnnotationService.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/acl/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7Parser.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/log/reflotron.log.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/MesswertTypCount.java.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/HtmlParser.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/ArzttarifFactory.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/esr1.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631724_5916_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/actions/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/ElexisFormatterProfile.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4207398_Resultat_leer.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/medelexis.xml.i
data/dokumentation/images/grundkonfmand.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4197321.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/fragment_views_en.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/Settings.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/etikette3.png.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/beispieldaten.csv.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IApplicationProperties.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/home.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/INumberFormatService.java.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/messages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/clean.cmd.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/roche_logo.jpg.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/CharacterPropertyStore.java.i
data/documentation francaise/installs/windowsinst.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/PreferencePage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextFieldService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/rsc/Fire_schema.pdf.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/rsc/vornamen.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/vcard.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/elexis-ws.rb.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/FooterPart.java.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/RangeHandlerImpl.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/script_code.png.i
data/elexis-updater/.classpath.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/mercurial-how2.textile.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xalan.runtime.LICENSE.txt.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/personok.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_AbsolutNegativNormal.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/IndexPageCache.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/lock_open.png.i
data/hsql-adapter/.classpath.i
data/dokumentation/images/rezept1.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/XMLDocBookFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AddBuchungDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/au/com/bytecode/opencsv/CSVWriter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/tasks/subtopic2.html.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/view/ISelectionProvider.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/messages_fr.properties.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/src/ch/elexis/oowrapper3/View.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/build.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/XChangeExporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Organisation.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/RegexpFilter.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/HL7.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IAnnotation.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/oddb.yaml.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/tarmedbuch2.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/RnPrintView2.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/eigenleistung/EigenleistungDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/PatListFilterBox.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/TarmedACL.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/plugin_en.properties.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/axis-ant.jar.svn-base.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/FindingElement.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MetaElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819181957118_2009081920690880_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/axis-ant.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KontaktDetailDialog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/befunde3.png.i
data/dokumentation/appendix/advanced.tex.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_add_2.png.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/Resource.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/DateSelectorDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/build.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TerminDialog.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/elexis-icpc.tex.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7Parser.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty2007.accdb.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/zoom.png.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/laborimport-viollier.tex.i
data/ch.elexis_test/doc/test1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_14.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/TempBufferHolder.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/elexis_logo.jpg.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties.dell.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_7.PNG.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/TextTableCellNameHelper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819134654859_2009081920690919_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/ReminderView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/AccountView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/netzwerk.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/test_gerry.sh.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/ContentProviderAdapter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/Event.java.i
data/elexis-core/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BAGMediDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/.project.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/doc/elexis-eigendiagnosen.tex.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/doc/images/strfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/IcpcFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/doc/beispiel.xls.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/gettingstarted/install.html.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/schloss_offen.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/doc/Laborimport-HL7-Universal.tex.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/Result.java.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/messages_fr.properties.i
data/eaustria-dame/tests/eaustria/dame/daten/Laborbefundlesertests.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/grundkonfmand2.png.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/.project.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TerminSuchenDialog.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr7.png.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Samdas.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DBInfo.java.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOWrapper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/fragment_en.properties.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/tocconcepts.xml.i
data/doc_fr/images/zugriff.png.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Zahlung.java.i
data/elexis-tools/helpdesk/custom/life.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/tick.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/gofurther.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/UserCasePreferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableColumnsSeparator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/fax.gif.i
data/TestElexisUI/run_swtbot.sh.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/AfinionAS100Action.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_09.HL7.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/doc/images/datafield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/einbahn.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/LaborleistungImporter.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/.classpath.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/reminder_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/book_open_view.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/XMLComposite.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/labor_view.png.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/cart.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Mandanten.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.scripting.beanshell/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-notes/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/UnionQuery.java.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/DataPackage.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/IValueType.java.i
data/mysql-adapter/mysql-connector-java-5.1.6-bin.jar.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/.project.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/kassenbuch/KassenbuchDruckDialog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf9.png.i
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/classic.png.i
data/mysql-adapter/mysql-connector-java-5.1.6-bin.jar.d
data/Laborimport-Viollier/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/viollier/PreferencePage.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/avalon-framework.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/serializer-2.7.0.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableCell.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Column.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/falldetail.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/PrefsPage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/src/ch/elexis/core/application/Test_MissionControl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/util/ListFiles.java.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/saveas.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/brief2.ico.i
data/dokumentation/tour/patneu.tex.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/TrustXTransmit.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/setup_1.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf6.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_TarmedImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/AnnotationService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/src/ch/elexis/core/data/CustomerTrait.scala.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/PrinterPreferencePage.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/testrefM.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/medics/util/MedicsLogger.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PersistentObjectDragSource.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/util/PatientIdFormatter.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/befunde4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentExporter.java.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ImportUtil.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/ErsterMandantDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/ACLPreferenceTree.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/messages_fr.properties.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/toctasks.xml.i
data/dokumentation/text/vorlagen.tex.i
data/elexis-importer-praxistar/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/exchange/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/rpneu.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/bioanalytica/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/doc/notesview.png.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/messages_fr.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/local.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/Messages.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/ui/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/MimeTool.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/CommonViewer.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IBookmark.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/TreeDataLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/InsuranceElement.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/garant.xls.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/kontakt.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Mittelland/Unilabs_Mittelland_4.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/AnamnesisElement.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/AllTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/util/Extensions.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv5.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LagerverwaltungPrefs.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/ElexisException.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/schloss_offen.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/DocumentException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ICharacterPropertyStore.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/TreeContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/kontaktdetail_view.png.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/plugin_it.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/schluessel.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/docs/README.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/service/ServiceProvider.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/preferences/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/BlockImporter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IKonsExtension.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/Presets.java.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRSelectionListener.java.i
data/eaustria-edifact/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/patneu.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IXid.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/ComplexColumnInfo.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/SerialParameters.java.i
data/doc_fr/installs/linuxinst.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/IDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/script_code.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/saaj.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/MultilineFieldEditor.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/build.properties.i
data/elexis-importer-aerztekasse/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/EditAUFDialog.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/elexis48.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/UpdateQuery.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/Labor2009ControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/doc_fr/views/konsviews.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/CloseAdapter.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/platzhalter.gif.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/data/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Bioanalytica/1_20110523114411334_11-00000202M_12388.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/buckminster/local.rmap.i
data/elexis/elexis-mac.icns.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/OrderImportDialog.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/ACE.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/RnPrintView2.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/messages_en.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/labneu1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/avalon-framework-4.2.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/patientetikette.ico.i
data/elexis/rsc/verst.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/icons/chart_curve.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.keycab/.project.i
data/dokumentation/views/laborview.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_4.HL7.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/Leistung.java.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/src/ch/ngiger/comm/vpn/OpenVPN.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_16.HL7.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/SimpleIndex.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/zoom.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LagerverwaltungPrefs.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/mailsettings.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4207396_GruppeChemie_Pos1234.hl7.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_6.HL7.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/readme.textile.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung11.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/Record.java.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/views/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-jivex/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Stammdatenexport.java.i
data/elexis-notes/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/DebugErrorHandler.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/MahnlaufCommand.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/TableBuilder.java.i
data/TestElexisUI/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/HB_und_Harn_Punkt.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/Test_Tarmedfaelle.java.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/ICloneDescriptionStack.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/elexis-icpc.tex.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Activator.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/tocreference.xml.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaDefinitionen.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026173127031_LA10430053_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631521_6203_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/doc/ch.elexis.messages.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DecoratedString.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/.classpath.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/jline-0.9.94.jar.i
data/BuildElexis/pro.sh.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Table.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/zugriff.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/bell__exclamation.png.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/molemax.tex.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/build.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Bookmark.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/.project.i
data/hsql-adapter/.pmd.i
data/elexis/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/CfgSettings.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/GenderServicePrefs.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_07_LOINC.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/IntTool.java.i
data/documentation francaise/multiuser.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PageCursor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/RFEView.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.i
data/dokumentation/images/agendamulti.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PlzView.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/vcard.png.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/.pmd.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/gettingstarted/system.html.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/EStyledText.java.i
data/TestElexis/ch/elexis/tests/AllTests.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/printing/IPrintService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/formula/IFormulaDocument.java.i
data/elexis-scripting-beanshell/.classpath.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/RangeHandlerImpl.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/ScriptEditor.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.aux.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/crypt/SAT.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/ITerminateEvent.java.i
data/elexis/Elexis-Win32.product.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KontaktDetailView.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/yaml/test/PerlTest.java.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_23.HL7.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xercesImpl.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/patientetikette.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/filedel.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/ebanking_ch/ESRView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/NumberFormatService.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IRnOutputter.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/build.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/information.png.i
data/h2-adapter/h2-1.1.112.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/IVerrechnetAdjuster.java.i
data/elexis-omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/Importer.java.i
data/h2-adapter/h2-1.1.112.jar.d
data/ch.medshare.ebm/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/icons/afinion.png.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/messages.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/icon.xpm.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FallListeView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/package.html.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/copyright/about.html.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv10.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/data/TagesNachricht.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/InMemorySettings.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/Transaction.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr9.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/rsc/groups.dat.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/.classpath.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/plugin.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/kontaktlistview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IDocumentEvent.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Brief.java.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NoteFactory.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung2/prefs/Preferences.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCellRangeCloneService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr14.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_30.HL7.i
data/elexis/.pmd.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/Medikament.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_8.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties.xph-vm.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/doc_fr/images/fixmediview.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/import.gif.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/TerminFactory.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/entries.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KompendiumView.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/TrustXLog.java.i
data/elexis-omnivore/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/.project.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/icons/import.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/EtiketteDruckenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/home.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.100.v20110505/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnDetailView.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc6.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/Blut_leer.hl7.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_AbsolutNegativNormal.hl7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.carbon.macosx_3.5.0.v3550b.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_8.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.carbon.macosx_3.5.0.v3550b.jar.d
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/rsc/medics16.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ViewerConfigurer.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/KontaktMatcher.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v23-1.0.1.jar.d
data/BuildElexis/hudson/run_swtbot.rb.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v23-1.0.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/IDocumentDescriptor.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/agendaanpassen.png.i
data/hsql-adapter/build.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/gofurther.png.i
data/elexis/doc/overview.html.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_2_20090821153611913_2009082120690905_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_9.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis32_2.gif.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTableRowPropertyStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824132124702_2009082420690908_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/src/ch/elexis/core/databinding/PersistentObjectObservable.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/tocgettingstarted.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableCell.java.i
data/doc_fr/views/stammdaten.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/BillSummary.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/script/IScriptingService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/rsc/vornamen.txt.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090821133110892_2009082120690907_12005.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextCursorService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/compiletime.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/fragment.properties.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/export/tools/StringTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/Messages.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/lib/bcprov-jdk15-140.jar.d
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_Patient.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_19.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Extensions.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/lib/bcprov-jdk15-140.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/java_uno_accessbridge.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.core_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/InsufficientRightsException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/bomb.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/RecordsElement.java.i
data/mysql-adapter/.classpath.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/MessungBearbeitenWithWidgetLayout.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.keycab/doc/lisez-moi.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/jenkins/core.test_2.1.5.x/config.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/adressetikette.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/OfficeProgressMonitor.java.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Stickers.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verb2.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/MedicalImporter.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_import_3.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DBImage.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr3.png.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/Record.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/CountArticles.java.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/PatHeuteView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/GeneralLegacyIndexCodes.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis32.png.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/Messwert.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.bbl.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-logging-1.1.1-sources.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/SelectFallDialog.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.core.filesystem.linux.x86_64_1.2.0.v20110423-0524.jar.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypScale.java.i
data/noatext/src/ch/elexis/noa/NOAText.java.i
data/elexis/.project.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/DauerMediView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/calendar.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableProperties.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/diskette.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_sub_projects_4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/whatisit.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.jivex/build.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/.settings/org.eclipse.jst.common.project.facet.core.prefs.i
data/documentation francaise/images/etikette3.png.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/DisplayTextDialog.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/patientetikette.ico.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/build.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_push_4.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_10.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OpenOfficeFilter.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/bild3.png.i
data/elexis-core/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/TarmedPrefs.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/bild3.png.d
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/h2-adapter/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/brief.ico.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/AbrechnungsPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Labor.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/.pmd.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IViewCursor.java.i
data/elexis_test/.classpath.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_sub_projects_4.png.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xalan.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_10.HL7.i
data/elexis-updater/build.properties.i
data/TestElexisNonUI/build.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_4.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/etikette2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/SimpleExportFilter.java.i
data/TestElexis/ch/elexis/tests/OpenVPNTest.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4198015.hl7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/SDW40Filter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/readme.textile.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/testdaten/kx21N_3.txt.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/messages_fr.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/IDocumentService.java.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc11.png.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/preferences/ExterneDokumente.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/.classpath.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/.project.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/package.html.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/.pmd.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/auftragsetikette.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/.classpath.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/build.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/Privatnotiz.java.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/BAGMedi.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/.classpath.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_11.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_5.HL7.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Kostentraeger.java.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/kassenbuch.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice50TemplateFilter.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/Messwert.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/FTP-Test.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisReloadEventListenerImpl.java.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/GenericImporterBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/src/ch/elexis/core/application/vornamen.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/serializer.LICENSE.txt.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/tarmeddetail1.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MesswertBase.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_6.HL7.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/views/DetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestStringtool.java.i
data/medshare-directories/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/rsc/medics16.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextField.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Interpreter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Extensions.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/CursorBuilder.java.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/.pmd.i
data/noatext/lib/java_uno_accessbridge.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/createDB.script.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/abrvor2.png.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/util/Test_SqlWithUiRunner.java.i
data/elexis/schema/RezeptHook.exsd.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/ArtikelFactory.java.i
data/elexis-importer/.project.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/notizen.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/LoginNews.exsd.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/messages.properties.i
data/eaustria-utensil/src/eaustria/utensil/Nulliterator.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/messages_en.properties.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/views/MessungBearbeitenWithLayout.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/befunde5.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/thermometer.ico.i
data/eaustria-edifact/src/eaustria/edifact/EdifactXmlReader.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/LazyContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/OutputLog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/grundkonfkonta.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/XidEditDialog.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/kabel.jpg.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/build.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_add_4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.keycab/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/AgendaParallel.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/readme.textile.i
data/documentation francaise/installs/linuxinst.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PageStyle.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/tocgettingstarted.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/ServiceInterfaceSupplier.java.i
data/elexis-importer/poi-3.0.1-FINAL-20070705.jar.d
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/3000303802.hl7.d
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/8_em_pencil.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/3000303802.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/.project.i
data/elexis-importer/poi-3.0.1-FINAL-20070705.jar.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/rsc/messwerte.xsd.i
data/postgresql-adapter/postgresql.jar.d
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/yaml/test/Util.java.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/com4j.dll.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/kontakt_perspective.ico.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/build.xml.i
data/postgresql-adapter/postgresql.jar.i
data/elexis-updater/src/ch/elexis/update/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/batik-all-1.6.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/messages_it.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/batik-all-1.6.jar.d
data/hilotec-messwerte/.pmd.i
data/fop-wrapper/serializer-2.7.0.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/messages_en.properties.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xml-apis.LICENSE.DOM-documentation.html.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ETFVerifyListener.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/rechnung_perspective.png.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/dat/praxis.sem.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellReference.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/doc/elexis-notes.tex.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_Money.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/TarmedLeistung.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/beispieldaten.xls.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis48.xpm.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/whatisit.textile.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/DirectoriesHelper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv6.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core/.project.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/DateSelectorDialog.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FallDetailView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/MFUList.java.i
data/elexis/Elexis-Linux-i386.product.i
data/dokumentation/appendix/sicherheit.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.core.model/src/ch/elexis/core/model/Partner.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_21.HL7.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/commons-logging.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/ISelectable.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/lock_open.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631865_6092_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/TrustXLog.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis-logo-small.gif.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/AfinionConnectionOld.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_AbsolutPositivAbnormal.hl7.i
data/doc_fr/installs/serverinst.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung2/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/plugin_en.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PersistentObjectDragSource2.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/befunde8.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/OpenMedical/0025_with CRLF.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/ComboFieldEditor.java.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/TrustXTransmit.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/RemoteOfficeApplication.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_22.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TerminDialog.java.i
data/BuildElexis/.pmd.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/ACLContributor.java.i
data/documentation francaise/views/rest.tex.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Risch-Bern/Importer.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/new.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IScannerAccess.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/ok.ico.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Romandie/1_Kunde_20100304171422937_0100214363_.HL7.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OpenTemplateFilter.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FaelleView.java.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/CfgSettings.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.100.v20110505/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/clipboard.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPageService.java.i
data/eaustria-utensil/src/eaustria/utensil/Beobachterverwaltung.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/messages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/text1.png.i
data/elexis-icpc/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_import_7.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KonsDetailView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/buch.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/matchers/Verifier.java.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/Messages.java.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/update14.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/rfe2.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/.svn/entries.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/IRichTextDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/remote.gif.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_TextmitKommentar.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis-logo-small.gif.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCloneService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/schloss_offen.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/.scala_dependencies.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/LabNotSeenView.java.i
data/elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Test_SimpleStructuredDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/BestellView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/SortedList.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/messages_fr.properties.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/schnittstelle/IDatenquelle.java.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/.project.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/rsc/RpInfo.dtd.i
data/TestElexisWT/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7Parser.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/Note.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SSDChangeListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/RemoteOfficeApplicationConfiguration.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7ParserV26.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/TextEncFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.AerztekasseImport/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KontaktDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/CDA.xsd.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/runconfig3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/rsc/MDInvoiceRequest_400.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/auf_view.ico.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/ImportConstructor.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/befunde7.png.i
data/mysql-adapter/CHANGES.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/LaborLeistung.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/NeuerFallDialog.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/bioanalytica/HL7.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/views/AgendaWeek.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/arzttarife.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableColumn.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/Datensatz.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_12.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/ActionAdapter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/fragment_views_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/rpneu.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/sourceprovider/PatientSelectionStatus.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/bell.png.i
data/eaustria-edifact/.project.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/log4j-1.2.4.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/elexis_logo.jpg.i
data/noatext/lib/junit-3.8.1.jar.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/entry.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/ContentProviderAdapter.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.d
data/eaustria-basis/src/eaustria/basis/dialoge/PatientErfassenDialog2.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test/src/ch/elexis/core/databinding/AllTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/daten.gif.i
data/doc_fr/images/tarmed4.png.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/build.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/DecoratedStringChooser.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_TextmitKommentar.hl7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/HistoryDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/doc/beispieldaten.xls.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung11.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/IPlannable.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Index.java.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/IClonedObject.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/TarmedCodeProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-iatrix/ktable_2.1.3.jar.i
data/elexis-tools/linux/mdb2sql.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xml-apis-1.3.02.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TerminSuchenDialog.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xml-apis-1.3.02.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/ElexisViewPart.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Page.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/InteraktionsDialog.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/CRC.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/paste.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda_test/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/Test_Termin.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/hsqldb.jar.d
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_8.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/strings.plaf.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/BestellPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_commit_1.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/IJavaNumberFormat.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/ApplicationWorkbenchWindowAdvisor.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTableCellReferencesService.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/buch1.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/IFormula.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/rezept1.png.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/Messages.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/TarmedImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4198015.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/build.properties.i
data/elexis-tools/linux/elexis.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableCellName.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/VersionedResource.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/TimeTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/tafel.jpg.i
data/documentation francaise/installs/default.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/IDisposeable.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/rxtxSerial.dll.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_9_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/jenkins/core.2.1.target/config.xml.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/kontakt.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/KG_DATA.XML.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EpisodesDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/SampleView.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/build.xml.i
data/elexis-scripting-beanshell/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/commons-collections-3.1.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LaborPrefs.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/commons-collections-3.1.jar.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/RFEView.java.i
data/elexis-updater/elexis-pro.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/calendar_view_day.png.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/matchers/Messages.java.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/IACLContributor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/LaborImport.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/JetFormat.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/SampleDataLabelProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/registry-3.1.3.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/web/WebDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/ComplexDataType.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/OfficeApplicationException.java.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/privatnotizen.tex.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/package.html.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung3.png.d
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631630_6010_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/elexis-logo.png.i
data/elexis-importer/win32com.dll.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/SimpleIndexData.java.i
data/noatext/lib/registry-3.1.3.jar.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/MessungBearbeitenWithLayout.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_16.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/messages_fr.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung3.png.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/Organisation.java.i
data/BuildElexis/pro.mac.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/sichten/DameDokumentlistenbeobachter.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings2.jpg.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung13.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_10.HL7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr11.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IKonsExtension.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/calendar.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung13.png.d
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypNum.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/VCard.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/SDW30Filter.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IScannerAccess.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/EditFindingDialog.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/einleitung.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099994105510271000_12388.HL7.i
data/elexis-kernel/feature.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/.project.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/elexis_logo.jpg.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/KonsExtension.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/TimeSpan.java.i
data/documentation francaise/views/laborview.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/Container.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/ausrufezeichen.png.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/icons/orot.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/PatientPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/ComplementaryType.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/views/TagesView.java.i
data/medshare-ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.docx.d
data/medshare-base-external/commons-codec-1.4.jar.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/BitOutputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/runconfig1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/com/tiff/common/ui/datepicker/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Labor2009Factory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/beans/IPropertyKey.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/services/GlobalServiceDescriptors.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/ICloneServiceProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/messages_fr.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/tex-template.tex.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/PatientenErfServerService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Probe.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/elexis_openvpn_client.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/LagerView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/build.properties.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/commons-logging-tests.jar.i
data/elexis/rsc/document__minus.png.i
data/elexis_test/build.properties.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/OurComboWidget.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/BasicTreeContentProvider.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/elexis.app/Contents/Info.plist.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/delete.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/IVerrechenbar.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KontakteView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/DataAccessor.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/ElexisConfigurationConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/auf.png.i
data/elexis-tools/javadoc/index.html.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextFieldMaster.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_16.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/elexis-mac.icns.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/ui/SendMailDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Anschrift.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/.settings/org.eclipse.wst.common.component.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnActions.java.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/officebean.jar.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/PatFilterImpl.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/build.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/FindApplicationInfosOperation.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631865_6201_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/PropertyMaps.java.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages.properties.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/.pmd.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/BitInputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/fehler.ico.i
data/elexis-tools/linux/texify.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_push_2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.scripting.beanshell/.project.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/ACLContributor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/PropertyDescriptor.java.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/plugin.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/IDocumentDescriptor.java.i
data/eaustria-edifact/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/dokumentation/images/settingsmain.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/icons/Thumbs.db.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/build.properties.i
data/doc_fr/standardplugins.tex.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/compress/HuffmanTree.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/CSVWriter.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/arrow_prev.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/scala-plugins.textile.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631755_6094_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/.classpath.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631880_6204_09_12346.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextFieldService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/UnsupportedValue.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/messages_fr.properties.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/package.html.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv15.png.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/.project.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/build.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings3.png.i
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/fixmedi3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/DiagnosenDisplay.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/tour1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/ArtikelLabelProvider.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaFarben.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/Import_4.png.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/ISearchService.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/text/AnnotationService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/LaborTaxpunktkorrektur.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/personen.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/PhysioLeistung.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/doc/eaustria-dame.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/messages_en.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/elexis-hl7-v26.jar.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_Fall.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/TarmedDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/views/DayBar.java.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/elexis-hl7-v26.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/elexis-mother.rb.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/TextBox.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Messages.java.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/sandbox.jar.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/tagMsgLevel.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/dat/praxis.sem.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/build.properties.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/vip.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/BlockExporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/IllegalInputException.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Datenbank.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/SampleDataType.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/RezepteView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PersistentObjectDropTarget.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/icons/lager_on.png.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/issue56-1.yaml.i
data/elexis/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/ImporterActionDelegate.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/add.png.i
data/elexis/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.d
data/elexis-nachrichten/medelexis.xml.i
data/dokumentation/images/befunde3.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/PhysioLeistungsCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/xchange.xsl.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/LeistungPerspektive.java.i
data/dokumentation/views/einfuehrung.tex.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_12_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/buch.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/rsc/greenbox.ico.i
data/elexis/rsc/refresh.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/.project.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/crypt/X509Cert.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr21.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/briefe_perspective.png.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/Connection.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis48.jpg.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/messages.properties.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/slf4j-api-1.5.8.jar.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/BAGMediFactory.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/bild2.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/platzhalter/Kategorie.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/IOpaqueDocument.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631802_6163_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090820113701572_2009082020690900_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_11.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_viollier/.classpath.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/util/HL7Helper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis.core.feature/.project.i
data/dokumentation/images/anschrifteingabe.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Index.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/file.gif.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AnschriftEingabeDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_9.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/src/ch/elexis/storage/fakedb/Partner.scala.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/messages.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/src/com/sun/star/comp/beans/OOoBean.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/kassenbuch/DatumEingabeDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825131034501_2009082520691314_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/vcard.png.i
data/BuildElexis/.project.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/doc.prj.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/src/ch/elexis/core/databinding/PersistentObjectObservableValue.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_2.HL7.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/Settings.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/SqlWithUiRunner.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/Messages.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/notizen2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IDeptor.java.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRView3.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KontaktExtDialog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings2.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/build.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr13.png.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/BrowserInputDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/LICENSE.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/rsc_test/db_01_08_00.mdb.d
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/rsc_test/db_01_08_00.mdb.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/EventListenerWrapper.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Util.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/plugin.xml.i
data/mysql-adapter/docs/README.txt.i
data/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Test_SSDRange.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824131824649_2009082420690906_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis16.gif.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615122344302_10010403_.HL7.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/DirectoriesContentParser.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/bell__exclamation.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/modell.eps.i
data/elexis/rsc/rechnungen.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/CloseListenerWrapper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/messages_fr.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTableCell.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/concepts/users.html.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/config.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/PersistenceException.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings3.eps.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Mandanten.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/dialog/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/messages_fr.properties.i
data/eaustria-basis/.classpath.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/messages.properties.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/PreferencePage.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/TestCRC.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/Constants.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/build.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_5.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/net/NetTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/edit.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818144745288_2009081820690910_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc10.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_add_4.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/person.ico.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/.classpath.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/kassenbuch/EditCatsDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/leistung.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2_test/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/documentation francaise/images/leistungen1.png.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615155951615_10010438_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/IndexData.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/FileUtility.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/GenericImporter.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/.settings/org.eclipse.wst.common.project.facet.core.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/ImporterActionDelegate.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/diskette.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/Samdas.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCloneService.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/emblem-readonly.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/messages.properties.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/serializer-2.7.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/.classpath.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/.classpath.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/.project.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hgeclipse-1.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4207396_2.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/ok.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KonsListe.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.0.200.v20090520/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/achtung.png.i
data/medshare-directories/liste.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/src/ch/elexis/externe_dokumente/Test_externe_dokumente.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/compress/RLL.java.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/classic.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450156_LA10430200_MOLIS_12677.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/reference/subtopic2.html.i
data/elexis-befunde/.pmd.i
data/elexis/rsc/new2.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/8_em_pencil.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/use1.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTablePropertyStore.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BAGMediDetailBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/FieldDescriptor.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OpenDocumentFilter.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/MessungBearbeiten.java.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/FakturaJournal.java.i
data/dokumentation/views/konsviews.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/.project.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/views/FixMediDisplayTest.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellRangeName.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/toolbarbutton.jpg.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/DefaultViewIDs.java.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/doc/beispiel.csv.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/.pmd.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/info_fra.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/matchers/KontaktMatcher.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv13.png.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/OffenePostenListe.java.i
data/TestElexisUI/screenshots/canSelectTestPerson(ch.elexis.uitests.core.TestElexisCore).jpeg.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/postgresql-9.2-1002.jdbc4.jar.d
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/VersionInfo.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/XidEditDialog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/iatrix.tex.i
data/documentation francaise/ersteschritte-addendum.tex.i
data/elexis/rsc/auf.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/XInterfaceObjectSelection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/postgresql-9.2-1002.jdbc4.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/printer.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/.project.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.blg.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/AnwenderPref.java.i
data/elexis-simpletext/itext-2.0.4.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/HL7_ORU_R01.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/batik.LICENSE.txt.i
data/elexis-simpletext/itext-2.0.4.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Taxpunktkorrektur.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/CalculateFormula.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Fall.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/messages_en.properties.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/views/WikiView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/KategorieProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/toc.html.i
data/ch.elexis.core.model/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/util/ch/elexis/developer/resources/util/PluginGenerator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/RFE.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/connection/IOfficeConnection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/kons.ico.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/build.properties.i
data/eaustria-basis/src/eaustria/basis/daten/TransienterKontakt.java.i
data/elexis-connect-jivex/src/ch/elexis/connect/jivex/JiveXView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/.classpath.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/images/strfield.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/document__plus.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4195646.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/UserSettings2.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.jivex/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/DetailDisplay.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/icd10.png.i
data/TestElexis/ch/elexis/tests/TestHL7.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/Messages.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/junit.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/CHANGELOG.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/messages_fr.properties.i
data/TestElexisUI/readme.txt.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Cursor.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/document_management.textile.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/commons-lang-2.3.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ExportFilter.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/doc/images/scalefield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/commons-lang-2.3.jar.d
data/medshare-ebm/build.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/patlistfilter2.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_3.5.0.v3550b.jar.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/.svn/text-base/PatientenErfServerService.java.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/plugin.xml.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_3.5.0.v3550b.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DBLog.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.jivex/src/ch/elexis/connect/jivex/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/LeistungsFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.feature/buckminster.cspex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_sub_projects_2.png.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/BildanzeigeFenster.java.i
data/ch.elexis.scripting.beanshell/build.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/PhysioLeistung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar/src/ch/elexis/importer/praxistar/Importer.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/Patientenblatt.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.2.R36x_v20101019_1345/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/AtcClass.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/batik.NOTICE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/reflotron_device.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPageStyleProperties.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Mittelland/Unilabs_Mittelland_2.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_18.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DBImageDescriptor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/whatisit.textile.i
data/documentation francaise/images/problemliste2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LabNotSeenView.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MiGelSelector.java.i
data/LogBackend/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631740_6185_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice50TemplateFilter.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/ch.elexis.hl7.v26_1.0.0.jar.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/.settings/org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IDocumentListener.java.i
data/elexis-connect-abxmicros/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/OmnivoreView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/SingleValue.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/dokument.gif.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/Substance.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedicalControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/messages_en.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/elexis-logo.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631568_5885_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/dbmaintenance/FixEigenartikelReferences.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/befunde3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_TarmedLeistung.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IDataAccess.java.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/DirectoriesContentParser.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/arrow_down.png.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/build.xml.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.0.200.v20090519/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/ch.elexis.core/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/home.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MSOffice2003XMLFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Gruppen.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/ausrufez_rot.ico.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/Termin.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/GenericImporterBlatt.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/platzhalter/Platzhalter.txt.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/valuetexts_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis_test/build.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr17.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/AUF2.java.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/preferences/ExterneDokumente.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.ui.carbon_4.0.0.I20090525-2000.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/icons/scanner.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/build.properties.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/rsc/transparent.png.i
data/BuildElexis/local.properties.hudson.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/toc.xml.i
data/documentation francaise/images/befunde2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/src/ch/elexis/core/traits/PersistentObjectTrait.scala.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/build.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/doc/liste1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/auf_view.ico.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_5.HL7.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/BezugsKontakt.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/new.png.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/MesswertFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/ODDBView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/plugin.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/NativeView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentDetail.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/KonsExtension.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DefaultLabelProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/arrow_prev.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/Activator.java.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/messages_en.properties.i
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/abrvor1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/xid.xsd.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MathMLFilter.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/form/IForm.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv1.png.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7LaborItem.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/lib/jdom.jar.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KontaktDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/MessageDelegate.java.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/core.dev.target.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/SimpleWidgetProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/views/AgendaGross.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/cross_small.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/BrowserInputDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_6.HL7.i
data/elexis-updater/build.xml.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedicalDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Tree.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Mittelland/Unilabs_Mittelland_2.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819174656882_2009081920690876_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/packages_multi_int.yaml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_4_.HL7.i
data/fop-wrapper/xmlgraphics-commons-1.2.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/TarmedCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/dokumentation/views/rest.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/index_codes_gen.txt.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/elexis/regiomed/estudio/PreferencePage.java.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/SampleDataTypeFactory.java.i
data/noatext/lib/unoil.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/ChoiceDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/ui/composite/MonthlySeriesComposite.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/import1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/frau.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/ImporterHost.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/ACLContributor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/beans/PropertyKey.java.i
data/ch.elexis/README.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/javadoc.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090821133110892_2009082120690907_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/ElexisStorageException.java.i
data/medshare-directories/build.properties.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/src/ch/ngiger/comm/vpn/OpenVPN.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450093_LA10430154_MOLIS_13412.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/JavaNumberFormatter.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_12.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/BildImportDialog.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.swt.win32.win32.x86_3.6.0.v3650b.jar.i
data/eaustria-edifact/tests/rsc/f00001.bef.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.swt.win32.win32.x86_3.6.0.v3650b.jar.d
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/icons/reflotron.png.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/IArgument.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings6.png.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/ServiceRegistry.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.core.extlibs.feature/feature.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/runconfig1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/src/ch/elexis/storage/fakedb/PersistentObjectManager.scala.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_64_3.6.2.v3659b.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/xChange_500.xsd.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_push_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/BracketElement.java.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/italic.gif.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/TargetPanel.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/IndexCodes.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631724_5955_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/desktop/Frame.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/TableCreator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/cut.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/CursorService.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice30TemplateFilter.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/omnivore.tex.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEventListenerImpl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/draw/IDrawingDocument.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/thermometer.ico.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Status_172.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/sourceprovider/PatientSelectionStatus.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/ReminderView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PluginCleaner.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/order/LabOrderAction2.java.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/jenkins/core_2.1/config.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/.pmd.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_Formel000a+000b=000c.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/text/DocumentIndex.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090616143002224_10010772_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_viollier/.pmd.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631615_5954_09_12100.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/images/text1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/RowFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/java_uno_accessbridge.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/MoneyInput.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/befunde2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/icons/sample.jpg.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631849_7981_09_12866.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/config.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/PDBFilter.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/AbstractConnection.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/toolbarbutton.jpg.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/SimpleStructuredDocument.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/soap.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/labor_view.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/data2.eps.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableFormulaExpression.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung12.png.i
data/elexis-omnivore/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/medshare-ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.doc.i
data/doc_fr/datenschutz.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/.classpath.i
data/medshare-ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.doc.d
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/snakeyaml-1.6.jar.d
data/doc_fr/tour/customize.tex.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_18.HL7.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/snakeyaml-1.6.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/VCard.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentSelector.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica.lyx.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/plugin.xml.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/config.ini.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/XIDDomains.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/build.xml.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/org.eclipse.help.base_3.1.0/preferences.ini.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_15.HL7.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/X509Cert.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_10_.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Organisation.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/BestellBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PagePosition.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/eaustria-utensil/src/eaustria/utensil/xml/XmlZeug.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.bbl.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableColumnCloneService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/OrderedHashMap.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/BriefExport.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PlatformHelper.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/rechnungen.ico.i
data/noatext/lib/sandbox.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/service/IServiceProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/build.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentWriter.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/matchers/Verifier.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.0.200.v20090520/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/bundle.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_11.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IApplicationInfo.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextField.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEventListenerImpl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_12.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/DataAccessor.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/messages_de.properties.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/concepts/users.html.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/httpcore-4.0.1.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Leistungscodes.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4198004.hl7.i
data/jdomwrapper/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis.switzerland.feature/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_20_PV1.HL7.i
data/doc_fr/images/befunde8.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.feature/core.product.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/PrintFindingsDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/ebanking_ch/ESRLabelProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/src/ch/elexis/core/application/Namen.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/IMesswertTyp.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/coreschemas/datatypes-base.xsd.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/schnittstelle/IDatensatz.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.0.200.v20090520/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KontaktSelektor.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/Money.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/VidalLabelProvider.java.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/.pmd.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/orion.yaml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DBUpdate.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/LimitSizeStack.java.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/Logger.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/XMLMSWORD2003Filter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.model/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/documentation francaise/images/aufview.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/coins.png.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_DBImage.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/labor6.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PageStyleProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/nativeview.dll.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/POCD_MT000040.xsd.i
data/elexis/rsc/ok.ico.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/httpclient-4.0.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/SimpleWidgetProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7Parser.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/lib/snakeyaml-1.10.jar.d
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung1.png.i
data/elexis-simpletext/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/EStyledText.java.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/desktop/Frame.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/lib/snakeyaml-1.10.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IEvent.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/PharmakaView.java.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PluginCleaner.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/AgendaParallel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/testrefF.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IBookmark.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/build.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborleistungDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/icons/inactive.png.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc2.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS/1_1_20091207145014727_20091207_12005.HL7.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/reference/subtopic.html.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/gofurther.png.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/commons-logging-api-1.1.1.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/ACLPreferenceTree.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/IDisposeable.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IDataAccess.java.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/view/ISelectionProvider.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/Kalium.hl7.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_import_4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_30.HL7.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung1.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IPersistentObject.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/LaborleistungImporter.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/TarmedRequirements.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc5.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/ical4j-1.0-beta4.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.core.model/.classpath.i
data/doc_fr/images/modell.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/Range.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/ical4j-1.0-beta4.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextFieldMaster.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/MaxMinElement.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ImportFilter.java.i
data/BuildElexis/clean.sh.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/KonsListener.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_18_.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/anleitung.out.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/messages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/notizen.tex.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/plugin.xml.i
data/dokumentation/images/labview.png.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/elexis_test/doc/test2.png.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/compress/HuffmanInputStream.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/doc/hilotec-pluginstatistiken.tex.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/daten/Laborbefundleser.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/launcher.gtk.linux.x86.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPageStyleProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis.switzerland.feature/build.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_VersionInfo.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/matchers/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_28.HL7.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/src/ch/ngiger/comm/ftp/FtpServer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/weekview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/VariableTextFieldHelper.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/FontPreference.java.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/SelectFallDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis.tex.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NoteComparator.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/arztrechnung1.png.i
data/ch.elexis_test/lib/mockito-all-1.8.5.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/box_label.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/tick.png.i
data/ch.elexis_test/lib/mockito-all-1.8.5.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/ch.elexis.core.databinding.eml.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/XMLExporter.java.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/src/ch/elexis/oowrapper3/Activator.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Setup_2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/XChangeElement.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/ScriptView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7Constants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/servlet.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/installation_openvpn_redhat.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/person.ico.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/SelectFallDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatListFilterBox.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Text.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Markup.java.i
data/mysql-adapter/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTablePropertyStore.java.i
data/elexis-notes/icons/scanner.ico.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/gettingstarted/maintopic.html.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/fragment.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableCellProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IParagraphProperties.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/toolbar.png.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/agenda.xls.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/GalenicForm.java.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/LaborOrder.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/ComboField.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/briefe_perspective.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/schnittstelle/IDatenquelle.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/KontaktImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Macro.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/schreiben.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/reflotron_device.jpg.i
data/doc_fr/images/use3.png.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MessungTyp.java.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/doc/whatisit.textile.i
data/documentation francaise/images/block2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_11.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/fop.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_1.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/crypt/GnuPG.java.i
data/hsql-adapter/hsqldb.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/OpenVPN.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv1.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/medics/views/MedicsBrowserView.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv12.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/arrow_prev.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.pdf.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnDialogs.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/doc/test5.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/PatListeContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/presentation/PresentationDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/ImageChooser.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_14.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/ViewerConfigurer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/commons-codec-1.3.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/PersistenceException.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/BracketElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/services/IDocumentManager.java.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/IAsasCollection.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xml-apis.LICENSE-SAX.html.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/blaulicht.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/.classpath.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_10_.HL7.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/Importer.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/aerztekasseimporter.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/doc/developer/overview.jpg.i
data/doc_fr/images/artikelview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/plugin_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextContentService.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr18.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_6.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/mann.ico.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EncounterDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/DiagnosenDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/saveas.gif.i
data/elexis/kontexthilfe/globalactions/home.html.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/beispieldaten.ods.i
data/OOwrapper/officebean.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/FontPreference.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/commons-logging-1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatientenListeView.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/agendaanpassen.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/messages_de.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings3.eps.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/RnKorr.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/util/HL7Helper.java.i
data/elexis-simpletext/.project.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/ODDBView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/ebanking_ch/FilterSearchField.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/AppendQuery.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FallDetailBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/elexisprefs.ini.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/ICodeSelectorTarget.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/patientetikette.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/rezept_view.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/TimeInput.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/ACLContributor.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/tests/res/dame.sh.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/preferences/AgendaFarben.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/invisiblerun.vbs.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/messages_it.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4207396_GruppeChemie_Pos1234.hl7.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Section.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/DisplayPanel.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_10.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ICursorService.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_KX21.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/RnPrintView2.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/agenda2.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/filter_ps.gif.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/crypt/BadParameterException.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2_test/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2_test/AllPluginTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/EigenLeistungDialog.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/estudio_ejb_client.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis/rsc/daten.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/.project.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/doc/beispiel.ods.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr6.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/kontaktdetail.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/h2.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/whatisit.textile.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/underline.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.scripting.beanshell/.classpath.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/minus.ico.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825110233244_2009082520691307_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/LazyTree.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_4.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/patetikette.ico.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/SysmexAction.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings-agenda-druck2.eps.i
data/elexis-utilities/build.properties.i
data/dokumentation/tex-template.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ContactRefElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_2.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice30Filter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/documentation francaise/images/data1.eps.i
data/elexis-befunde/icons/chart_curve.png.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/icons/sample.gif.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026153950093_LA10400001_MOLIS_12883.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/EndOfInputException.java.i
data/doc_fr/tex-template.tex.i
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/adressat.png.i
data/elexis-agenda_test/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/perspectives/BriefePerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/auf.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/labimport/LabOrderImport.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/ImageChooser.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/doc/run_4.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/PatientDetailView2.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450125_LA10430183_MOLIS_12883.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_1.HL7.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/fop-wrapper/medelexis.xml.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/documentation francaise/images/faelleview.png.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/dateien.xls.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/.classpath.i
data/documentation francaise/images/use2.png.i
data/elexis-connect-jivex/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/doc_fr/images/xc1.png.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/OfficePanel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/LaborblattView.java.i
data/elexis_test/doc/test5.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/desktop/DesktopService.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/script/IScriptProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/admin/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/ResponseAnalyzer.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/MedikamentImporter.java.i
data/elexis-scripting-beanshell/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/BAGOptifier.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/InsufficientRightsException.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/RangeHandlerImpl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.jivex/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_import_6.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4207398.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IOptifier.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/DocumentDescriptor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.AerztekasseImport/src/ch/elexis/importers/ImportAerztekasse.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/medics/util/MedicsLogger.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_13.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Rechnungssteller.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/ZeichenErklaerung.java.i
data/ch.elexis/doc/javadoc.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/doc/notesview2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/Text.exsd.i
data/eaustria-utensil/src/eaustria/utensil/OctetReader.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/DocumentRemover.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/Importer.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/report.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableProperties.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/util/FtpServer.java.i
data/elexis-omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/DocHandle.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/lib/jdom-LICENSE.txt.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/acl/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_12.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/fehler.ico.i
data/elexis/rsc/4d.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/IFormulaService.java.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/KonsListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EpisodesView.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Mittelland/Unilabs_Mittelland_3.HL7.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/.svn/text-base/PatientenErfServerServiceLocator.java.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/AssignReminderToUser.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/README.txt.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/util/HL7Helper.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/GlobalActions.java.i
data/ch.elexis/.settings/org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/GlobalTextDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_pocH.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr7.png.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/data/Eigendiagnose.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/JavaNumberFormat.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/commons-discovery.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/IFilterProvider.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEventCascade.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/gettingstarted/import1.html.i
data/ch.elexis.scripting.beanshell/lib/bsh-core-2.0b4.jar.i
data/hsql-adapter/.project.i
data/elexis/rsc/consult_view.png.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ListDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/Activator.java.i
data/dokumentation/installs/serverinst.tex.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/Wheel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/.classpath.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/Xid.java.i
data/elexis-importer/rsc/universal_patienten.xls.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/datenquellen/Core.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/PassthroughQuery.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/util/Test_DBUpdate.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/index_codes.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/javadoc.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_01_Hormone.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MSOffice60TemplateFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/refresh.gif.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/AnamnesisElement.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaDruck.java.i
data/documentation francaise/appendix/vollversion.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda_test/build.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings2.eps.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnDialogs.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/LinkResolver.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/controls/StickerComposite.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.core.net.linux.x86_64_1.1.0.I20100505-1245.jar.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/Import_Konfiguration.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/faelleview.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/StringData.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/LabNotSeenView.java.i
data/elexis-fire/src/ch/elexis/icpc/fire/ui/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ViewCursor.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableColumnSeparator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv2.png.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis32_2.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/icons/ggruen.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_Timespan.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/PhysioLeistung.java.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/AddLinkDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/abrechnungssystem1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/IAsasCollection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KGPrintView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/HistoryDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/page_red.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/ch.elexis.hl7.v26_1.0.0.jar.d
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.ui.cocoa_1.1.0.I20101109-0800.jar.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings6.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.carbon.macosx_1.0.200.v20090520-1835/eclipse_1206.so.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/XMLExporter.java.i
data/BuildElexis/build-fork.xml.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/ch.elexis.hl7.v26_1.0.0.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/service/ServiceProvider.java.i
data/elexis-tools/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/EigenartikelLoader.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/readme.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/estudio_ejb_client.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_21.HL7.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/Iatrix.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/index_codes_ext.txt.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/PatientenErfServer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.blg.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_8_.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.idx.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/HL7.java.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestStringtool.java.i
data/ch.elexis/doc/package-template.html.i
data/documentation francaise/images/fallkonsview.png.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/.classpath.i
data/BuildElexis/local.properties.sample.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IChangeListener.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/NamedBlob2.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/rename.gif.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FieldDisplayView.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/problemliste1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_7.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/AfinionAS100Action.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/data/KontaktOrderManagement.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.100.v20110505/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTableCellPropertyStore.java.i
data/noatext/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/TreeContentProvider.java.i
data/documentation francaise/installs/dbanbindung.tex.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-notes/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/views/MessungenUebersicht.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableColumn.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/book_open_view.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/agenda.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/testdaten/kx21_3.txt.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Multi.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/doc/newmsg.png.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/ICPCCodesView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_import_2.png.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/ISelectable.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/service.xsd.i
data/documentation francaise/images/bild3.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/bild3.png.d
data/documentation francaise/images/kontaktlistview.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/perspectives/BestellPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/OutputLog.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/RezeptBlatt.java.i
data/TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/core/SWTbotUtils.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ParagraphCloneService.java.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/doc/diagnose_1.png.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/elexis-importer-aeskulap.tex.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/bestell1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources_test/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/Test_SampleDataType.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090617183919381_10011095_.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/IRangeHandler.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/Heartbeat.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/info.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/messages_de.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/settings.tex.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestRegexpFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/Bakteriologiebefund.hl7.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/preferences/ExterneDokumente.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/serializer-2.7.0.jar.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/h2.jar.i
data/elexis-connect-abxmicros/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/OOwrapper/sandbox.jar.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KontaktErfassenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextDocumentImage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.jivex/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/hapi-structures-v23-1.0.1.jar.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/OrderImportDialog.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MesswertTypEnum.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/bbs_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/hapi-structures-v23-1.0.1.jar.d
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/adressat.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/MapOfLists.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/coreschemas/NarrativeBlock.xsd.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/sysmex_logo.jpg.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/RecordsElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/sysmex_logo.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/mysql-connector-java-5.1.18-bin.jar.d
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/fehler6.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/AsyncProgressMonitorWrapper.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.100.v20110505/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/mysql-connector-java-5.1.18-bin.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Section.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/rsc/EAL_2012.xls.i
data/BuildElexis/local.properties.hudson.sample.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_2.HL7.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/build.properties.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4196404.hl7.i
data/elexis-tools/helpdesk/custom/icon2.ico.i
data/TestElexisWT/src/ch/elexis/test/smoketest/createPatient.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/GnuPG.java.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/README.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IExchangeContributor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_push_3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/ReminderPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DynamicListDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/KonsDetailView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/WidgetFactory.java.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/SMTPAuthenticator.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextCursor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/InputPanel.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/HeaderPart.java.i
data/documentation francaise/views/einfuehrung.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Patient.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Status_172.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings1.eps.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_1.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/BestellPerspektive.java.i
data/jdomwrapper/.project.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_3.6.0.v3650b.jar.d
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ParagraphProperties.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_KX21N_fr.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/befunde2.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLink.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_3.6.0.v3650b.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Script.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/dialog/QueryOverwriteDialog.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/.externalToolBuilders/Output_Builder.launch.i
data/elexis/rsc/abfall.ico.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/RechnungsPrefs.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/PluginDataProvider.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings2.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/createTable.script.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_11.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/mail.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv7.png.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentSelector.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/Messages.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/schnittstelle/IDatensatz.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/icons/wonca.ico.i
data/ElexisBasicFeature/build.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/frame/Dispatch.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/IcpcPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631505_6068_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/src/ch/elexis/importer/div/Test_HL7_parser.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/doc/images/calcfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv10.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/Zeitvorgaben.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/person.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/Patientenblatt2.java.i
data/elexis-switzerland/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/ICalTransfer.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/xChangeSender.java.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/valuetexts.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBConnectSecondPage.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Romandie/1_20100304171422343_0100217895_12005a.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/DefaultControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCellReferencesService.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/elexis-utilities_test.iml.i
data/eaustria-basis/src/eaustria/basis/daten/TransienterPatient.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_7.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_21.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FallDetailBlatt2.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Anwender.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_7.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/MediVerlaufView.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/MsgHeartListener.java.i
data/dokumentation/installs/linuxinst.tex.i
data/elexis-connect-jivex/build.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/ITerminateListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/EpisodeElement.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/reference/felder.html.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_22.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/MimePart.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/LaborleistungPrefs.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/PhysioLeistung.java.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/.project.i
data/eaustria-utensil/tests/eaustria/utensil/OctetReaderTests.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/GnuPG.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/CSVWriter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/BlockSelector.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigExterneDaten_testConfigExterneDaten_screenshot_2.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/AddElementToBlockDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/BitOutputStream.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/heute.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/ausrufezeichen.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/EtiketteDruckenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/printing/IPrinter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/UserTextPref.java.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/.project.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/FlashFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/KonsZumVerrechnenView.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/lib/slf4j-api-1.6.1.jar.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/model/MigelLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_pull_P2_1.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/bild2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/SubstanzSelektor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis-logo.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IElementDisposedListener.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/AdressPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/parview.png.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.ind.i
data/dokumentation/images/bild1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatientenListeView.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/views/BuchhaltungView.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824115223734_2009082420691302_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-tools/javadoc/jdoc.cmd.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/finished.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Zugriff.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/page_copy.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_3.HL7.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/_ITrustxEvents.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/add.png.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IDBObject.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/schreiben.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_6.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/AccessWrapper.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaAnzeige.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/attach.png.i
data/dokumentation/appendix/voraussetzungen.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/fop.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/dokumente.xls.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPage.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/sichten/Einstellungen.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/adretikette.ico.i
data/dokumentation/images/xc3.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IVariableTextFieldMaster.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/KontaktFieldEditor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_push_2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/PhysioImporter.java.i
data/dokumentation/appendix/extplugins.tex.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_3.HL7.i
data/eaustria-edifact/tests/eaustria/edifact/EdifactXmlReaderTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/README.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/KX21NData.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/RowId.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/valuetexts_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/openEHR/Resource.xsd.i
data/dokumentation/images/tarmed3.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_1.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/frau.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/DefaultLabelProvider.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/AccessControlDefaults.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DayDateCombo.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/consult_view.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/Import_1.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/KX21Data.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/elexis-ws.rb.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/SDW50Filter.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/abrechnungssystem1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ListDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Patient.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_14.HL7.i
data/elexis-utilities/.classpath.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/AnhangGeraeteHandbuch.pdf.d
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/AnhangGeraeteHandbuch.pdf.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/data/IPlannable.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DefaultControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FallDetailView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/medelexis.xml.i
data/dokumentation/images/xc2.png.i
data/medshare-directories/icons/directories_white_logo16.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/openEHR/Content.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IEventListener.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/doc_fr/images/contactperspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/web/WebDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/GenderService.exsd.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/jaxrpc.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkExceptionTranslation.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Company.java.i
data/documentation francaise/grundeinstellung.tex.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_23.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/Desk.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/anleitung.tex.i
data/mysql-adapter/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc11.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/1_1_20060602122443408_0000550567_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/PlatzhalterView.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_24.HL7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/Validator.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/.project.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty2003.mdb.i
data/elexis/rsc/menubar0.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/netzwerk.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KGExportDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/save.gif.i
data/elexis-icpc/icons/wonca.ico.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_20.HL7.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatientMenuPopulator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextCursor.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/doc/elexis-medikamente-bag.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/daten.gif.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/readme.textile.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/dtdparser-1.21.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/runconfig2.png.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Setup_4.png.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/build.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Setup_2.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/agendagewaehlt.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631677_6165_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/IPlannable.java.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/src/ch/elexis/EMRPrinter/PrintDialog.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/PreferencePage.java.i
data/ch.elexis/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/agenda.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/data/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_sub_projects_3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/PhysioLeistungsCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631771_6162_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/DBaseFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/frame/IDispatch.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/doc/images/calcfield.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/axis-ant.jar.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/axis-ant.jar.d
data/elexis/rsc/filter.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/group.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/rsc/messwerte.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/ClonedObject.java.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/messages_it.properties.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/mann.ico.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/.svn/text-base/PatientenErfassungSoapBindingStub.java.svn-base.i
data/eaustria-dame/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MetaElement.java.i
data/dokumentation/text/datenfelder.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/DateienImporter.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/lib/jdom.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_1.HL7.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/build.xml.i
data/documentation francaise/images/diagnosenview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv11.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/AUF2.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/src/ch/elexis/importer/div/AllTests.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/labimport/LabOrderImport.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/clipboard.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090817122334923_2009081720690886_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/views/Leistungsselektor.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/LICENSE.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/netzwerk.ico.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/IFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/CloseAdapter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis48.jpg.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/views/AgendaParallel.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/iatrix.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/IJavaFormattedNumber.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/moveToLowerList.png.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/doc/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009.tex.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/wsdl4j.jar.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/concepts/maintopic.html.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631833_6206_09_12346.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/valuetexts.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Ablauf.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/page_green.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/PatientErfassenDialog.java.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.doc.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450140_LA10430185_MOLIS_12883.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_8.HL7.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.doc.d
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/toolbarbutton.jpg.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/lib/slf4j-jdk14-1.6.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xmlgraphics-commons.NOTICE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv15.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/TreeLoader.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/AllTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090817165037436_2009081720690892_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RechnungsListeView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/PropertyDescriptor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Services.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/KonsZumVerrechnenViewViewerComparator.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/leistung.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ETFVerifyListener.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/FieldDescriptor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/contexts.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/PreferencePage.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/konsv.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice50Filter.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/JCEKeyManager.java.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESR.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/elexis.xpm.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis32.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/tour1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/messages_fr.properties.i
data/eaustria-dame/rsc/xslt/arztbrief.xsl.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/installer.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/CloseListenerWrapper.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/MahnlaufCommand.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/Test_Labortarif.ch2009.launch.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.100.v20110502/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/befunde.tex.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/build.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv6.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/DBObjectFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/IStyle.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/kontakte_view.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/TerminateEvent.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/fop.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.tex.i
data/elexis-importer_test/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/BlockContainer.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEventListener.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Range.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextContentService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/IDocumentService.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/CloseEvent.java.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/plugin.xml.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/views/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/.project.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/StringTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/bioanalytica/HL7.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/xercesImpl-2.4.0.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IApplicationInfo.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/xercesImpl-2.4.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631536_5881_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/views/BaseAgendaView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/ArtikelContextMenu.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/doc/Elexis_HL7Export_Anleitung.docx.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/adressetikette.ico.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/doc/Elexis_HL7Export_Anleitung.docx.d
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/TarmedPrefs.java.i
data/elexis-ui/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/EpisodeRefElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/views/Leistungsdetail.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/organisationAdd.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/PhysioLeistungsCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/think.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/xchange/XChangeContributor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/BezugsKontaktAuswahl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_11_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/xCHangeContribution.exsd.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_4.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/TerminLabel.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IDocumentIndexService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631583_5915_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/bell__exclamation.png.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/SendQFA.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/new.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/UserPreferences.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/search/SearchResult.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/connected.jpg.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/vip.png.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/IntegerField.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/covercard.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test/.project.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ParagraphProperties.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/MSOffice60Filter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/ICDDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_3.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/LocalApplicationWizardDefinePage.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615183553318_10010509_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/iatrix.tex.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/font.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/personen.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/nachnamen.txt.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_clone_4.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/PhysioImporter.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/build.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/LICENSE.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/build.properties.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/.pmd.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/JobPool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/plugin_en.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestLimitSizeStack.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_sub_projects_1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AddElementToBlockDialog.java.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-logging-tests.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/documents_stack.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FallDetailBlatt2.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/group.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/FileSelectorField.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/SimpleExportFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/build.properties.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/rsc/messwerte.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/XChangeExporter.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.aux.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/PhysioComparator.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_pull_P2_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/rsc/universal_krankenkasse.xls.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/ReflotronConnection.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/SysmexConnection.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_14.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/script/IScriptingService.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/build.xml.i
data/doc_fr/installs/server.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/rsc/yellowbox.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/NOAUIPlugin.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TermineDruckenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Patient.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/ebanking_ch/Activator.java.i
data/documentation francaise/appendix/advanced.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/ApplicationInfo.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.ui.cocoa_1.0.2.I20100601-0800.jar.i
data/eaustria-basis/tests/eaustria/basis/daten/TransienterKontaktTests.java.i
data/elexis/schema/documentTemplates.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/new.png.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/packages.yaml.i
data/elexis/hsqldb.jar.i
data/elexis/hsqldb.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/MetaXid.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EpisodesDisplay.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/molemax.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/LabItem.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DateInput.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/personok.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/IDestinationPosition.java.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/.classpath.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/tagMsgClass.java.i
data/elexis-fire/icons/fire.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/laborblatt.xsl.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/db/connection/AbstractConnection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/doc/beispiel.csv.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/rsc/RpInfo.dtd.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/StringData.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_import_4.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/samples/3000303801.hl7.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/samples/3000303801.hl7.d
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IEvent.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/GlobalEvents.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/DelayableJob.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources_test/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/Test_SampleDataType.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/TextRangeHandlerImpl.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IDocumentModifyListener.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/export/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Mailer.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IDocumentIndex.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/VersionInfo.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/SCSU.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/tasks/subtopic.html.i
data/postgresql-adapter/.classpath.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/EdifactExtrahierung.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/FakturaJournal.java.i
data/elexis-notes/doc/notesview2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty2003.mdb.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings3.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IBookmarkService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/SamplePerspective.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/clipboard.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/documentmanager2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/printing/IPrintProperties.java.i
data/LogBackend/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/IObjectLink.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aerztekasse/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedicalSelector.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/artikel_perspective.png.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/sample.gif.i
data/elexis/rsc/monthview.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KonsDetailView.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_09.HL7.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/MediVerlaufView.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/compress/HuffmanOutputStream.java.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/ElexisFormatterProfile.xml.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/services.xsd.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_Money.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/IRange.java.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/Importer.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/_home.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/MultiplikatorEditor.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/order/LabOrderAction2.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/PhysioDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/DateSelectorDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/ReminderPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/report.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/Natrium_Text.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/sum.png.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/matchers/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/sysmex_device.jpg.i
data/postgresql-adapter/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/underline.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.ind.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TagesgrenzenDialog.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LabSettings.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/TerminListeView.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/yaml/test/CodeBean.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Analytica/01TEST5005.hl7.i
data/documentation francaise/images/xc3.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/URLAdapter.java.i
data/doc_fr/appendix/advanced.tex.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/Transporter.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/rsc/tarmeddetail.ico.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/add.gif.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/data/Problem.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LagerView.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/falldetail.png.i
data/h2-adapter/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/tagMsgClass.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/tagMsgClass.java.i
data/ch.elexis.AerztekasseImport/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/config.jpg.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/SampleView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/DisplayTextDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631599_5917_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/RechnungsPrefs.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.bbl.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/daten/DameProtokollauswerter.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung12.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/config/Konfiguration.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/axis-shield_logo.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_1_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/doc/detail1.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/elexis48.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/tafel.jpg.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MessungTyp.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/labor_view.png.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/icons/ggruen_on.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/KonsZumVerrechnenView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/Assert.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/build.properties.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/medelexis.xml.i
data/medshare-directories/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825130034294_2009082520691309_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/AdressPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631599_5917_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090820173404214_2009082020690894_12005.HL7.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/samples/maintopic.html.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/util/ProblemsTable.java.i
data/elexis-notes/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/SampleDataLabelProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/frame/DispatchWrapper.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2_test/build.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_19.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/diskette.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf6.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/calendar_view_day.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings-agenda-druck1.jpg.i
data/elexis/platzhalter/Platzhalter.txt.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/desktop/DesktopService.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_NumerischeWerte.hl7.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/ridl.jar.i
data/elexis-developer-resources_test/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4207396_Resultat_mit_Punkt.hl7.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Labor2009Tarif.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/ApplicationWorkbenchAdvisor.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/ui/GenerateKeyDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/doc/newmsg2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/com/tiff/common/ui/datepicker/DatePickerCombo.java.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/medelexis.xml.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/src/oowrapper3/Activator.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_05_Mikrobiologie2.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/SysSettings.java.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/model/MigelLoader.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/doc/images/numfield.png.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/bildanzeige.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/TextTemplatePreferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/rsc/tarmed.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/bioanalytica/PreferencePage.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/Messages.java.i
data/BuildElexis/hudson/setup_client.sh.i
data/elexis/rsc/unclesam.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/arrow_prev.png.i
data/elexis-importer-praxistar/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/bbs_perspective.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_15.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Eigenartikel.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/printing/PrintProperties.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/export.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/DocumentExport.java.i
data/documentation francaise/appendix/sicherheit.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_import_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/DauerMediView.java.i
data/elexis-fire/doc/fire1.png.i
data/noatext/lib/bion_jurt-2.0.jar.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-agenda/.project.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/views/ExterneDokumente.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4197175.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/delete.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/arrow_down.png.i
data/medshare-directories/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/messages_fr.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/ODTFilter.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/libcairo-swt.so.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_MimeTool.java.i
data/OOwrapper/unoil.jar.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/libcairo-swt.so.d
data/hilotec-messwerte/.classpath.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/jsse.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/src/ch/elexis/core/AllTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/rsc/createDB.script.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/sichten/Meldungen.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/SortedList.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/XrefExtension.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/.classpath.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/bold24.gif.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/GlobalEventDispatcher.java.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/Kalium_Pdf.hl7.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/ScannerPref.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/ActiveControl.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/Kalium_Pdf.hl7.d
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/BefundePrefs.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/BinConverter.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450140_LA10430199_MOLIS_12677.HL7.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/rsc/pin_red.png.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/unoil.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ServiceBlocksElement.java.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/unoil.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/PhysioLeistungsCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/fragment_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/.pmd.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/MesswertTypCalc.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc7.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026180127921_LA10430177_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/build.properties.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/Encounter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources_test/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages.properties.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/RangeHandlerImpl.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MiGelDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-importer/jackcess-1.2.1.jar.d
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/actions/Synchronizer.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/createDB.script.i
data/elexis-importer/jackcess-1.2.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Patientenzaehler.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/ok.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/bulletYellow.png.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BAGMediSelector.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/hapi-base-1.1.jar.d
data/elexis/rsc/money.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_01_Hormone.HL7.i
data/doc_fr/images/tarmed3.png.i
data/elexis-utilities/elexis-utilities.iml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/ApplicationWorkbenchAdvisor.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/hapi-base-1.1.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/IDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty2007.accdb.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc10.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/UtilFile.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableColumnCloneService.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf9.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/.pmd.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/acl/ACLContributor.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/contactperspective.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_12_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/SelectorPanel.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/juh.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/ICloseEvent.java.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/buckminster/local.core.cquery.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/beans/PropertyKey.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/ch.elexis.core.traits.iml.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/org.apache.commons.httpclient_3.1.0.v20080605-1935.jar.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/doc/images/enumfield.png.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/org.apache.commons.httpclient_3.1.0.v20080605-1935.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Etikette.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/views/Leistungsdetail.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/Test_arzttarife_ch.launch.i
data/TestElexisUI/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/TextTableCellNameHelper.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/build.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/Compress/GLZInputStream.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/GenericPrintDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/IACLContributor.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/Test.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/widgets/KonsListDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/rsc/new_problem.ico.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Risch-Bern/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/KonsFilter.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/FuzzyMatcher.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/EndOfInputException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/IcpcCode.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableColumnsSeparator.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/build.properties.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/db/Laboritem.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/dokument.gif.i
data/elexis/build.properties.i
data/medshare-ebm/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/wizards/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/commons-io-1.3.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TerminListeDruckenDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631708_6164_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/ComboField.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/actions/AgendaActions.java.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/crypt/Test_symmetrical.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.pdf.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.pdf.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ScannerEvents.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/RecordElement.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/InMemorySettings.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextDocumentImage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/ZahlungsJournal.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/Keine_Daten.png.i
data/elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_Artikel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/plugin.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/ch.elexis.core.traits.eml.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/plugin.properties.i
data/elexis-fire/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/test_gerry.sh.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/LazyTreeLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/sysmex_logo.jpg.d
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/sysmex_logo.jpg.i
data/doc_fr/images/fallkonsview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr16.png.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/views/BuchhaltungView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv9.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/book_open_view.png.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/IcpcImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/script_code.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FallListeView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/presentation/IPresentationDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/commons-codec.jar.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/laborimport-viollier.tex.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/elexis_logo.jpg.i
data/doc_fr/images/diagnosenview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_8.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/Starter.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/lib/commons-lang-2.3.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/achtung.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBImportWizard.java.i
data/elexis/.settings/org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs.i
data/elexis-agenda/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LaborPrefs.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IRelationship.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBConnectWizard.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/page_copy.png.i
data/noatext/lib/java_uno.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/messages.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/BZip2Constants.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_3.HL7.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/messwerte-beispiel.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_20.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/muenze2.jpg.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/adressetikette.png.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Database.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis-logo.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/doc/developer/overview.uxf.i
data/medshare-ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/HotKeyHandler.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631521_6205_09_12346.HL7.i
data/medshare-base-external/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_10.HL7.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv9.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages.properties.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/Messwert.java.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/src/com/sun/star/comp/beans/LocalOfficeConnection.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/widgets/KonsListComposite.java.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/build.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborleistungCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4196404.hl7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/MimePart.java.i
data/elexis-omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/DocumentManagement.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/XIDEdit.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBImportFirstPage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Bioanalytica/1_20110523114411380_10-00000131S_12388.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KompendiumView.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/estudio_ejb_client.jar.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.docx.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/src/com/sun/star/comp/beans/OOoBean.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MedicationsElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.ind.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Address2.java.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.docx.d
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc9.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/stoppuhr.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/actions/Synchronizer.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/messages_en.properties.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/images/datafield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Labor2009Tarif.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/views/OddbDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/PasswordFieldEditor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.aux.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/rsc/messwerte.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/elexis_logo.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/tasks/subtopic.html.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/plugin_it.properties.i
data/elexis/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/BestellView.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/NullMask.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/elexis48.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/TarmedDetailDialog.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/rsc/ElexisPluginGenerator.xsd.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/Tree.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/beans/AbstractProperties.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/PluginstatistikenDatenquelle.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/contexts.xml.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/ErrorCodeTranslator.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/personen.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_add_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/TableLabelProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/desktop/GlobalCommands.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/rfe1.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/befunde5.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IXInterfaceObjectSelection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/plugin.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/labor3.png.i
data/TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631568_5885_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCellReferencesService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/3000303801.hl7.d
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KontaktSelektor.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/icons/reflotron.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/hapi-base-1.0.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/3000303801.hl7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SimpleStructuredText.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4197175.hl7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr5.png.i
data/elexis-notes/doc/notesview.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_clone_2.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/reminder_perspective.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TerminStatusDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.test.feature/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/OfficeProgressMonitor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Setup_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Samdas.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/elexis_logo.jpg.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/FileTool.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/PlatzhalterTreeData.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/CloneDescriptionStack.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_push_1.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/aufview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xml-apis-1.3.02.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/doc/fire3.png.i
data/elexis-notes/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/ArtikelSelektor.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestRegexpFilter.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/preferences/messages_en.properties.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/plugin_it.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/IRange.java.i
data/mysql-adapter/COPYING.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_6.HL7.i
data/doc_fr/images/data2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/db/DatabaseDocument.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/AUF2.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_pull_1.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/export.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/rechnungen.ico.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/Validator.java.i
data/BuildElexis/build_4_hudson.rb.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/tmp.tmp.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Xid.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/.project.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/preferences/AgendaDruck.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/moveToUpperList.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/UtilityAllTests.launch.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/HistoryLoader.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/heute.png.i
data/fop-wrapper/.pmd.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631646_6037_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_4.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ContactsElement.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_5.HL7.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/LaborImport.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/PackageException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/arrow-repeat-24.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_clone_3.png.i
data/elexis-connect-jivex/.project.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/rechnung_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/doc/whatisit.textile.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_06_Mikrobiologie3.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core.feature/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.blg.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/BadParameterException.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/postgresql.jar.d
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MessungFactory.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hgeclipse-2.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/trustx.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450125_LA10430183_MOLIS_12883.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/h2-1.2.140.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/h2-1.2.140.jar.d
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/arrow_prev.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/search/SearchResult.java.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/icons/sparschwein.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/BBSView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/build.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/book_open.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2_test/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2_test/data/MessungKonfigurationTest.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/sysmex_device_kx.jpg.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/elexis.ico.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/ProportionalSheet.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_07_LOINC.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/page_lightning.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/QueryFormat.java.i
data/elexis-connect-abxmicros/src/ch/elexis/connect/abxmicros/AbxMicrosConnector.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/font.gif.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ScriptUtil.java.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/order/LabOrderAction2.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/cache/SoftCache.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/BasicTreeContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7LaborItem.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_3.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/Glukose_GrpChemie_Pos1234.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/splash.bmp.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/controls/ClientCustomTextComposite.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/briefe_perspective.png.i
data/elexis/plugin_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/src/au/com/bytecode/opencsv/package.html.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/blaulicht.ico.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2_test/.project.i
data/elexis-importer/icons/add.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/.classpath.i
data/doc_fr/images/problemliste1.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/rezept.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/rsc/physiotarif.csv.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnMenuListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ShortcutListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KontaktErfassenDialog.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/diagnosenview.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/BrowserInputDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/MultiValueColumnInfo.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableColumn.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825110233244_2009082520691307_12005.HL7.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/Import_1.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450140_LA10430184_MOLIS_12883.HL7.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentDetail.java.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/.pmd.i
data/elexis/rsc/ausrufez.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/ausrufezeichen_rot.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/graphic/GraphicInfo.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/.project.i
data/documentation francaise/images/konsview.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/CDA.xsd.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_4.HL7.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.aux.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung14.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.2.R36x_v20101019_1345/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/TreeLoader.java.i
data/hsql-adapter/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/ScriptView.java.i
data/h2-adapter/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis2_16.gif.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/.project.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/anleitung.pdf.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/LeistungsFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/EtiketteDruckenDialog.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr14.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/remote.gif.i
data/elexis-simpletext/.pmd.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/VariableTextFieldHelper.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/elexis-utilities.eml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631505_6093_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/auftragsetikette.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/calendar_day.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.0.1.jar.i
data/fop-wrapper/xercesImpl-2.7.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/samples/maintopic.html.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EditEpisodeDialog.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/rsc/medics16.png.i
data/medshare-ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/EbmLogIn.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/xercesImpl-2.7.1.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/ArrayUtils.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/ambulanz.ico.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/toctasks.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/SettingsDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_5.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/privatnotizen.tex.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/PluginstatistikException.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/EditEigenleistungUi.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/delete.gif.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/.project.i
data/TestElexisWT/src/ch/elexis/test/smoketest/ConfigExterneDaten.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631661_6067_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/compress/GLZ.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/ICPCCodesView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/BriefeImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/doc/import.textile.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/kons.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/PlatzhalterProperties.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/labor5.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/ICustomer.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_pocH_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.ind.i
data/dokumentation/menu.tex.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/icons/sprechblase.gif.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/XChangeImporter.java.i
data/medshare-ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.docx.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/text/Test_EnhancedTextField2.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/ApplicationActionBarAdvisor.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung1.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/AnnotationService.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/document/DefaultFilterProvider.java.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ICode.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/wizard.ico.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/opencsv-1.8.jar.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450109_LA10430179_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/icons/add.gif.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/group.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings-agenda-druck1.eps.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FallDetailView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/XidElement.java.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/FileEditDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Page.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/plugin.xml.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/images/calcfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_25.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/doc/import_1.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedikamentControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/XMLMSWORD2003Filter.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/personen.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/DocumentManagement.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_1_.HL7.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/PluginstatistikException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty2010.accdb.i
data/postgresql-adapter/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/PocH100iData.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/CSVExporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/NOAException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/build.properties.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xalan-2.7.0.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/dokumentation/images/notiz3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/ITextRangeSelection.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung2.png.i
data/elexis-updater/README.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KGPrintView.java.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/platzhalter.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/.classpath.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/daten/DameImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/ByteArrayXInputStreamAdapter.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/BereichSelectionHandler.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRRecordDialog.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/messwert.jpg.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung3.png.d
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableCellProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv1.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/VetoTerminateListener.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026173127031_LA10430267_MOLIS_12387.HL7.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkException.java.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/BrowserView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/ExHandler.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/HL7Constants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTable.java.i
data/noatext/lib/bion_officebean-2.0.jar.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_10.HL7.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-fire/src/ch/elexis/icpc/fire/handlers/ExportFireHandler.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/VariableTextFieldMaster.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EpisodesView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DBLog.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SSDChangeListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/Handler.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/RezepteView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PageCursor.java.i
data/elexis-omnivore/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/doc/elexis-nachrichten.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/plugin_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/highlight-boxes.gif.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/messages.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/use3.png.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/KonsDetailView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/DiagnosenView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/DefaultCodecProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/Labor2009ContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_1.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Leistungsblock.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/messages.properties.i
data/eaustria-dame/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/icons/afinion.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Bioanalytica/1_20110523114411318_10-00000128S_12388.HL7.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/StringData.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/servlet.jar.svn-base.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/samples/subtopic.html.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/PackageException.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/lock.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/xml.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/LaborleistungPrefs.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/pill.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/LaborleistungPrefs.java.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/RechnungsManager.exsd.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/TarmedOptifier.java.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/tagMsgLevel.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPageCursor.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/AbstractSticker.java.i
data/eaustria-basis/src/eaustria/basis/dialoge/Mandantenauswahldialog.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/IAgendaLayout.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/XHTMLFilter.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/settings.ini.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice40Filter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Test_Labor2009Tarif.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/Form.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/rezept.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/crypt/TestSAT.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4207396_2.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KonsListe.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/emailsettings.png.i
data/elexis/lib/ehcache-1.5.0.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ImporterPage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableFormulaService.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/use2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/DokuImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty2003.mdb.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/tasks/subtopic2.html.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/AttachmentColumnInfo.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LabSettings.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties.brummwin.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/patienten.xls.i
data/elexis-importer/doc/import.textile.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/ch.elexis.core_test.iml.i
data/TestElexisWT/doc/run_1.png.i
data/documentation francaise/tour/customize.tex.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/icons/reflotron_icon.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/NumberFormat.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/elexis-connect-afinion.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/kontakt_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KontaktDetailView.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/pill.png.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/arzttarife.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/schema/ACLContribution.exsd.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/medelexis.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/script/ScriptingService.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz_test/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/AllTests.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/SoapConverter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/reminder_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Activator.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/PDFExtrahierung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Romandie/1_Kunde_20100304171422515_0100581529_.HL7.i
data/documentation francaise/images/labor2.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/script/IScript.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/preferences/Artikel_AT.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631911_6171_09_12346.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer/comm.jar.i
data/elexis-iatrix/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DateInput.java.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/.classpath.i
data/elexis-iatrix/plugin_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/SelectorPanelProvider.java.i
data/OOwrapper/juh.jar.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/toc.html.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4197175.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/FindingElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/DocHandle.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/ListeNachFaelligkeit.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr2.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/notizen1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/UserCasePreferences.java.i
data/TestElexisNonUI/src/pde/test/utils/PDETestListener.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/export/hl7/LastUpdate.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/KX-21 Interface.pdf.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/XMLTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/DiagnoseSelektor.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_18.HL7.i
data/elexis/elexisprefs.ini.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/KX21NData.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Services.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/externalaccess/AgendaStatus.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/lib/jacksum.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/platzhalter/Kategorie.txt.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/lib/jacksum.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/TarmedDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/TODO.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/messages.properties.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_21.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/rsc/codes.dat.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/Plafs.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_commit_1.png.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/.classpath.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/serverside/update.php.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/elexis-connect-afinion.out.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellRangeCloneService.java.i
data/elexis-importer/poi-3.6-20091214.jar.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Probe.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_import_1.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090817165037436_2009081720690892_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/CloneException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ErrorHandler.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/.classpath.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/SampleDataTypeFactory.java.i
data/elexis-agenda_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_3.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/ui/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/composition.yaml.i
data/elexis-agenda/messages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf3.png.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Logger.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/LaborleistungDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/Medikament.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCell.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/rsc/messwerte.xsd.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/commons-discovery.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv12.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631568_5884_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/doc/interakt1.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv14.png.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BagMediControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/commons-logging.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/icons/bomb.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/controls/ClientCustomTextTokenEditDialog.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/StringTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv7.png.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/statistiken.xml.i
data/elexis-iatrix/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/TarmedTaxpunktkorrektur.java.i
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/einnahme1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/XML2Database.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/TarmedOptifier.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/medelexis.xml.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf4.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/befunde4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/EventAdapter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/beans/AbstractPropertyStore.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/ImageChooser.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/bell__exclamation.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/Tageseinteilung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/InexistingFileOKFileFieldEditor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/build.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/PatientErfassenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/reagensask.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/PageTypes.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/reagensask.ico.i
data/LogBackend/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/DataDefinitionQuery.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/medelexis.xml.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties.hudson_win.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/MSOffice60Filter.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/.project.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/IatrixActivator.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/MultiplikatorEditor.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/documentmanager1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_18.HL7.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/postgresql.jar.d
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/eclipse_files.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/postgresql.jar.i
data/elexis-fire/rsc/beispiel.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/ElexisCoreException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/icons/lager.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/xChange_501.xsd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/status/ElexisStatus.java.i
data/elexis/lib/bsh-core-2.0b4.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnActions.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Gruppen.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/sichten/DameDokumentdetail.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/AccountListView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/messages.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026160040546_LA10430201_MOLIS_12677.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/import.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Setup_3.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/commands/messages_en.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/text/vorlagen.tex.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/kassenbuch/KassenbuchEintrag.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/Import_Agenda.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypBool.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/fehler.ico.i
data/noatext/lib/ridl.jar.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/db/Patient.java.i
data/noatext/lib/ridl.jar.d
data/fop-wrapper/xalan-2.7.0.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/xchange/BefundElement.java.i
data/elexis-scripting-beanshell/.project.i
data/fop-wrapper/xalan-2.7.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/information.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_32.HL7.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/build.properties.i
data/elexis-importer-aerztekasse/.pmd.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/platzhalter.gif.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/Hub.java.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ClassFactory.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/build.xml.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/IRangeHandler.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/TextFilter.java.i
data/elexis/splash.bmp.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/NamedBlob.java.i
data/elexis/splash.bmp.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_5_.HL7.i
data/elexis-omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/requirements.txt.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/rsc/lipsum.txt.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/reference/subtopic.html.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SimpleStructuredDocument.java.i
data/medshare-base-external/build.properties.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/build.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/.pmd.i
data/doc_fr/images/etikette1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/IcpcImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/TermineLockedTimesUpdater.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ServiceBlockElement.java.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/cut.gif.i
data/documentation francaise/elexis-scripting.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPageCursor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/EndOfOutputException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/KontaktImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/HeaderPart.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/DiagnosenDisplay.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTable.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf3.png.i
data/medshare-ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/SearchAction.java.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/com4j.dll.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/rechnung/RechnungsDrucker.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf8.png.d
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestGenericRange.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MSOffice97Template.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentDetailBlatt.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf8.png.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/config/KonfigurationWhere.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/ok.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/Messages.java.i
data/OOwrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOWrapper.java.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/build.properties.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/preferences/ExchangePreferences.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/calendar.png.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/medshare-directories/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IDataSender.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/.pmd.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/EditEigenartikelUi.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/sysmex_device.jpg.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/AUFZeugnis.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ServiceBlockElement.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/.svn/text-base/ChCtPatientenerfassungPatient.java.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/MeanElement.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/ui/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/PhysioPrefs.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/ReminderPrefences.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/HL7.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings1.eps.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/axis.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis/rsc/lab_new.gif.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/messages_fr.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/notiz2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/MoneyField.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Value.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_add_3.png.i
data/h2-adapter/h2-1.2.140.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/911059739_10007.hl7.i
data/elexis-notes/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_9.HL7.i
data/h2-adapter/h2-1.2.140.jar.d
data/dokumentation/images/tarmed4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/PreferenceCostants.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818170647119_2009081820690913_12005.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/INumberFormat.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/Artikel_AT_Cache.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedikamentControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/KontaktImporterBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/actions/IBereichSelectionEvent.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/messages_fr.properties.i
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/abrvor2.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/ObservationMessage.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/elexis-privatrechnung.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/ActiveControlListener.java.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/preferences/WikiPreferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/service.xsd.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPageService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/command/AddReccuringDateHandler.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/informal.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/readme.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr11.png.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/.project.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/.project.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/IndexCodes.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ITextPlugin.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/build.properties.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/.classpath.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/doc/images/enumfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/messages_en.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.swt.win32.win32.x86.source_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.swt.win32.win32.x86.source_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/messwert.jpg.i
data/elexis/rsc/ticode.ico.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/DameDokumentverwaltung.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/SAT.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/text/DocumentIndexService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/plugin.xml.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-codec-1.4-javadoc.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/postgresql-9.1-901.jdbc4.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/transmissionerror.jpg.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/PhysioComparator.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KontaktBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/platzhalter/test.txt.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xalan-2.7.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableCellName.java.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/postgresql-9.1-901.jdbc4.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Mandant.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xmlgraphics-commons-1.2.jar.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-logging-adapters-1.1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/PersistentObjectLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/whatisit.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xmlgraphics-commons-1.2.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnDetailView.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/MesswertTypStr.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/ArzttarifFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.scripting.beanshell/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/arrow-repeat.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631833_6206_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/firma.xls.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/BooleanField.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnMenuListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-tools/html/convert.cmd.i
data/medshare-ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin_Doc.doc.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/MimeTool.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/Datenextraktor.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.100.v20110502/eclipse_1406.dll.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631536_5881_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.keycab/src/ch/elexis/importer/keycab/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/Transporter.exsd.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/DocumentsElement.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/epl-v10.html.i
data/doc_fr/images/faelleview.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/ArtikelDetailDialog.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/LICENSE.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/concepts/kontakt.html.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IAnnotation.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/ExternalSort.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PageStyleProperties.java.i
data/elexis-fire/build.properties.i
data/medshare-directories/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/messages.properties.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigExterneDaten_testConfigExterneDaten_screenshot_2.png.d
data/Laborimport-TeamW/build.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/AccountTransaction.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/script/ScriptingService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/package.textile.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/LeistungPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/information.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/leistungsblock.xsd.i
data/dokumentation/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/TarmedRequirements.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/.project.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/serverside/upload.pl.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/views/ProblemView.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BAGMediSelector_old.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/.project.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableManagement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPageStyle.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ScannerEvents.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis48.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/search/ResultMatchWalker.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/DeleteQuery.java.i
data/BuildElexis/build.cmd.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OpenOfficeFilter.java.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/.pmd.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/build.xml.i
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/modern.png.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/PharmakaView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/Medikament.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Patientenzaehler.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/build.properties.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IUser.java.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRFile.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Person.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/SO50PresentationToDrawFilter.java.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/ICDCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/SamplePerspective.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/model/ContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/messages.properties.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/concepts/subtopic2.html.i
data/medshare-base-external/org.apache.commons.httpclient_3.1.0.v20080605-1935.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableService.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IExchangeDataHandler.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/PackageException.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/VerrechnungsDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/page_find.png.i
data/eaustria-dame/tests/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/CDAExtrahierungstests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/DestinationPosition.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/text2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_7_.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer-praxistar/.project.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr9.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/log4j.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/data/KontaktOrderManagement.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631865_6201_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/netzwerk.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableCellRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/Messages.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/text1.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/think.jpg.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/MiGelArtikel.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextService.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.pdf.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.blg.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631786_6172_09_12346.HL7.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/GenderService.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Query.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/tessinercode.tex.i
data/elexis-importer-praxistar/build.properties.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/help_home.html.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IVariableTextFieldMaster.java.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/omnivore.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hgeclipse-3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/TextField.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/doc/find.png.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/build.xml.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.100.v20110505/eclipse_1407.so.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/.project.i
data/documentation francaise/images/contactperspective.png.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/AfinionConnection.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ParagraphPropertyStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/doc/notesview3.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/NeuerFallDialog.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/verb2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/ReflotronConnection.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings5.png.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/printing/IPrintProperties.java.i
data/elexis-scripting/build.xml.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/.project.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/data/OddbImporter.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_5.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/BlockDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/.project.i
data/noatext/lib/jut.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4207396_1.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_add_5.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/arrived.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/coolbar/package.html.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DatabaseCleaner.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/konsv.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_2.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/kabel.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/roche_logo.jpg.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/kontakt_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/PrefsPage.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ReplaceCallback.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_11.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/doc/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/IPersistentObject.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/tick.png.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Composition.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/concepts/mandanten.html.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/.classpath.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_12.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_1.1.0.v20100503/launcher.cocoa.macosx.x86_64.properties.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/build.xml.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/plugin_it.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RechnungsListeView.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631661_6067_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/Desk.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/lupe.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/DauerMediView.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090613115014677_10009692_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/plugin.xml.i
data/dokumentation/.texlipse.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis32.gif.i
data/elexis-updater/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis16.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/LaborleistungCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/CoreAllPluginTests.launch.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/RemoteOfficeConnection.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/leistung.ico.i
data/doc_fr/text/einleitung.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr3.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/preferences/Artikel_AT.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties.xu-uz2.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/data/Import_Agenda.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EncounterView.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/trustx.tex.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv14.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/javadoc.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/docs/connector-j.pdf.d
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/docs/connector-j.pdf.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/MedikamentImporterVidal.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/service/IServiceProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/release-manager-how2.textile.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/DocumentsElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/TemplatePrintView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/ch.elexis.connect.afinion.tex.i
data/TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/laborImport/TestAnalytica.java.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/.pmd.i
data/TestElexisNonUI/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatFilterImpl.java.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/DataPackage.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/LazyTree.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/3000303802.hl7.d
data/fop-wrapper/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Reminder.java.i
data/elexis_test/doc/test3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/3000303802.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/rs232/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/new.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/messages_de.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/kontaktdetail.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/3000303800.hl7.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/DDD.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEventListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv6.png.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOPrefs.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KonsZumVerrechnenWizardDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OOPresentationToDrawFilter.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_64_3.6.2.v3659b.jar.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/data/OldProblem.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.AerztekasseImport/plugin.xml.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xmlgraphics-commons.NOTICE.txt.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/icons/sysmex.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Relationship.java.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/AbstractTextComponent.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/doc/liste2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/NumberInput.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/IClonedObject.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/LoadDocumentOperation.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/StringData.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/FileImportDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/GenderService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/FormComponent.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/AuslesenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/TempBufferHolder.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/modell.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice40TemplateFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/Messages.java.i
data/BuildElexis/prepare4hudson.rb.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/dialog/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/DataType.java.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/Person.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/MesswertTypData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/FindApplicationInfosOperation.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/WeisseSeitenSearchForm.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/rsc/nachnamen.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/PhysioComparator.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631615_6011_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-notes/plugin_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTableCell.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IScannerListener.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/preferences/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/beans/IPropertyStore.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/build.properties.i
data/TestElexisWT/src/ch/elexis/test/smoketest/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/ok.ico.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.core.extlibs.feature/build.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_sub_projects_3.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099998105613391000_12388.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/vip.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ParagraphCloneService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/Kalium.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/CodecHandler.java.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/messages_fr.properties.i
data/dokumentation/drucken.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/messages_de.properties.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/icons/oblau.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/Logger.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung2/rechnung/RechnungsDrucker.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/factory.png.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/build.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/installs/server.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631833_6173_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.scripting.beanshell/lib/bsh-core-2.0b4.jar.d
data/postgresql-adapter/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/RestrictedAction.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DragSourceImpl.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/add.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/vornamen.txt.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_10.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631490_6038_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/documentation francaise/images/notiz1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/buch1.png.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/laborimport-viollier.tex.i
data/doc_fr/images/notiz2.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_9.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824115223734_2009082420691302_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/ApplicationProperties.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/sample/oneEntry.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SimpleStructuredDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631880_6204_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/COPYING.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/DisplayLabDokumenteDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IDiagnosis.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/KGDrucker.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/batik.NOTICE.txt.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settingsmain.png.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/messages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/bild1.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/etikette1.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Mandant.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/SelectorPanelProvider.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/Messages.java.i
data/OOwrapper/jurt.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/rs232/Connection.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/delete.gif.i
data/BuildElexis/.settings/org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextContent.java.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/einnahme1.png.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/UsageMap.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/XrefExtension.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/SelectorPanelProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/.classpath.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/com4j.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/acl/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/Rechnungslauf.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_9.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Test_SSDRange.java.i
data/doc_fr/installs/macinst.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkExceptionTranslation.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextField.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/auf_view.ico.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/Query.java.i
data/p2_site.yml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/briefe_perspective.ico.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/model/MedicalLoader.java.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/commons-io-1.4.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/eigenleistung/EigenleistungLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextContent.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/TarmedValidDateFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/Xref.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/cart.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr8.png.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/Labor2009Selector.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesDetail.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/ReflotronSprintAction.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/Style.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/messages_de.properties.i
data/OOwrapper/.pmd.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/patientenerfassung.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/patvetikette.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc9.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableCellRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450156_LA10430200_MOLIS_12677.HL7.i
data/elexis-agenda_test/.classpath.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.0.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_11.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/Messages.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xalan.regexp.LICENSE.txt.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.0.1.jar.d
data/elexis-tools/html/converthtml.pl.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/export.ico.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/wsdl4j.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis-utilities/medelexis.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellCloneService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631677_6165_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/Importer.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties.brumm.i
data/elexis-agenda/elexis.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTableCellRangeName.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/BlockImporter.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/rsc/groups.dat.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/beans/AbstractPropertyStore.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MSOffice95TemplateFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/order/LabOrderAction.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099994105510271000_12388.HL7.i
data/TestElexisWT/doc/run_2.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/axis.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/rsc/wand.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/SO50PresentationToDrawFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/ElexisConfigurationConstants.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/build.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/AbstractPart.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/CodeSelectorHandler.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/doc/test4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/sysmex_device_pochi.jpg.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv11.png.i
data/elexis-omnivore/build.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/ScriptView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_6_.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/config.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/rsc/lipsum.txt.i
data/eaustria-edifact/src/eaustria/edifact/EdifactException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615183553287_10010497_.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Log.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung13.png.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ITrustxCollection.java.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/enforce_elexis_formatting.rb.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf5.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4197321.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_2.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/OffenePostenListe.java.i
data/medshare-ebm/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-utilities/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_viollier/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/package.html.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IXInterfaceObjectSelection.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/ICodeElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/readme.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/doc/fire2.png.i
data/doc_fr/grundeinstellung.tex.i
data/medshare-directories/readme.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Labor.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/Shake.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/src/ch/elexis/test/smoketest/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/text/DocumentIndexService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/rsc/dummy.png.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xmlgraphics-commons.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/LargeFileLookup.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/activation.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/VariableTextFieldMaster.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/SDW50Filter.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/tour3.png.d
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages_fr.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/icd10.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FieldDisplayView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/arztkoffer.ico.i
data/documentation francaise/images/patdetail.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/auftragsetikette.ico.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/MessungenComparator.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_13.HL7.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/CDAExtrahierung.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/lib/slf4j-api-1.6.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NoteComparator.java.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/kassenbuch/ACLContributor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/rechnung/RnPrintView.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_7.PNG.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/.pmd.i
data/dokumentation/images/import2.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings-agenda-druck2.jpg.i
data/doc_fr/images/einf4.png.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Kontakt.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/acl/messages.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/ICloseEvent.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/ElexisValidation.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/package.html.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/preferences/AgendaDefinitionen.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/yaml/test/ImportPackages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/CreateEigenleistungUi.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableFormula.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnOutputDialog.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/documents_stack.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/gettingstarted/systemunabh.html.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/BlockImporter.java.i
data/mysql-adapter/docs/README.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedicalControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/ui/SerienTerminDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/ZeichenErklaerung.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/build.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/BriefAuswahl.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/jackson-core-lgpl-1.0.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/KonsFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/NumberInput.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/icons/orot.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/elexis.app/Contents/MacOS/.eclipseproduct.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/backport-util-concurrent-3.1.jar.d
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTablePropertyStore.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/Compress.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/TextData.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_17_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/backport-util-concurrent-3.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Paragraph.java.i
data/eaustria-basis/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_4_.HL7.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/readme.textile.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RechnungsBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/PrintFindingsDialog.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_Timetool.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis48.xpm.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/ICDDetailDisplay.java.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/connected.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/ch.elexis.core_test.eml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexislogo2.png.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/.project.i
data/elexis-icpc/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/.svn/entries.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/ui/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_08.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/hapi-base-1.0.1.jar.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/enforce_elexis_formatting.rb.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/eclipse.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/plugin_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/hapi-base-1.0.1.jar.d
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IDocumentEvent.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/tarmed2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/bbs_perspective.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/elexis_logo.jpg.i
data/elexis/rsc/auftragsetikette.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/SoapConverter.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/plugin.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/BackgroundJob.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/elexis-connect-afinion.tex.i
data/h2-adapter/.pmd.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.bbl.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/SAT.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/AccessWrapper.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/bild1.png.i
data/elexis-iatrix/build.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/toolbar.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/gofurther.png.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/kons.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.features.switzerland.de/feature.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/arrow_next.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/PrinterPreferencePage.java.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/ICD10TreeContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/views/BuchhaltungView.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/medelexis.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OpenOfficeTemplateFilter.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/Activator.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/RichTextDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/HL7_OML_O21.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/BBSEntry.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/data2.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/messages_en.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/bestell2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/unittests-how2.textile.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.100.v20110502/launcher.win32.win32.x86.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631755_6094_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/ejb2.0.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/messages.properties.i
data/medshare-ebm/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/splash.xcf.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/printer.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IParagraphPropertyStore.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631552_5883_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/RedistributeDocuments.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/LaborleistungImporter.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/UsageMap.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnFilterDialog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/agendamulti.png.i
data/TestElexis/ch/elexis/tests/TestStringtool.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/MediDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/ArtikelPerspektive.java.i
data/LogBackend/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/AllTests.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/Markup.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/kassenbuch.png.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-logging-1.1.1-javadoc.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/concepts/mandanten.html.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/afinion_device.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/BigIndex.java.i
data/medshare-ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin_Doc.doc.d
data/elexis/rsc/printer.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableCell.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/umlaut.tst.i
data/elexis_test/.project.i
data/elexis-fire/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/plugin.xml.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/XMLExporter.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/elexis-windows.nsi.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/messages_en.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/updater-setup.nsi.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/sichten/DameDokumentbeschriftungsanzeiger.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xercesImpl-2.7.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestLimitSizeStack.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_5.HL7.i
data/elexis/doc/how2.textile.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_sub_projects_2.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/RFE.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/consult_view.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/data2.eps.i
data/doc_fr/installs/windowsinst.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ServiceElement.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/patlistview.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/CodeSelectorHandler.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOText.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/adressetikette.ico.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/src/ch/elexis/oowrapper3/TextContainer.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/XML2Database.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableRow.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/.settings/org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/OSGI-INF/osgi-logservice-component.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextContentService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_pull_2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/runconfig2.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedikamentDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/RunnableWithParamAndReturnValue.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_31.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/kons.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/ElementDisposeListenerWrapper.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/MediPreisKorrektur.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_8.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_9_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_23.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Setup_4.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/.svn/text-base/PatientenErfClient.java.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KonsFilterDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/valuetexts.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/ElementDisposeListenerWrapper.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/.pmd.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/xchange/BefundeItem.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Setup_3.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/moveToUpperList.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/home.png.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/.pmd.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/TerminFactory.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/frame/IDispatch.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/UpdateConflictStatus.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/model/MedikamentLoader.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/Bakteriologiebefund.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IOutputter.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/views/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ReplacementErrorHandler.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/VCard.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/iconset.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesDetail.java.i
data/BuildElexis/build.sh.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/fragment_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/CommonContentProviderAdapter.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/TagesNachricht.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/printing/PrintService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/laborblatt.xsl.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/kons_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/mail.png.i
data/elexis-scripting-beanshell/lib/bsh-core-2.0b4.jar.i
data/documentation francaise/appendix/varianten.tex.i
data/elexis-scripting-beanshell/lib/bsh-core-2.0b4.jar.d
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/installation_openvpn_redhat.lyx.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450140_LA10430199_MOLIS_12677.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/dayview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/doc/diagnose_1.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr15.png.i
data/eaustria-basis/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/cache/IPersistentObjectCache.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_14.HL7.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/Base64Coder.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NoteFactory.java.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/viollier/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/ArtikelDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/AUFZeugnis.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr17.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/agenda.ico.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MesswertTypNum.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Logger.java.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/TreeDataLoader.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung5.png.i
data/elexis-scripting/bsh-core-2.0b4.jar.d
data/dokumentation/images/esr1.png.i
data/elexis-scripting/bsh-core-2.0b4.jar.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631646_6008_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/reagenzglas.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/lipsum.txt.i
data/postgresql-adapter/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/IntegerField.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/.classpath.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/config/KonfigurationWhere.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/DataAccessor.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv7.png.i
data/medshare-ebm/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/JavaNumberFormatter.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/Messwert.java.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/whatisit.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_7.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/Compress/GLZ.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Mittelland/Unilabs_Mittelland_3.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/LabeledInputField.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631677_6127_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/kontakt_perspective.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Kontakt.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/OurComboWidget.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_21.HL7.i
data/elexis-kernel/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/PersistentObjectFactory.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/scala-plugins.textile.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/report.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/messages_en.properties.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/config/KonfigurationQuery.java.i
data/BuildElexis/quick.cmd.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/.pmd.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableRow.java.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/ridl.jar.d
data/documentation francaise/images/settings6.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/rsc/yellowbox.ico.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/TarmedCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/readme.txt.i
data/elexis-updater/src/ch/elexis/update/AutoUpdate.java.i
data/dokumentation/multiuser.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/MGD/MGD_2.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ICodeSelectorTarget.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/IMesswertTyp.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/util/DateTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_properties_1.png.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/ControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_Formel000a+000b=000c.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/DocumentManagement.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/AnwenderPref.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty2007.accdb.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-befunde/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/draw/IDrawingDocument.java.i
data/TestElexisNonUI/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/StringListFieldEditor.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv8.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/telephone.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/befunde8.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631740_6007_09_12100.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/deps/apache/commons-logging/1.1.1/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/SendQFA.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TerminListeDruckenDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/AbrechnungsPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/.pmd.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/TimeTool.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/netzwerk.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/SMTPAuthenticator.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/coreschemas/datatypes.xsd.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/DateienImporter.java.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/data/OddbArtikel.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/concepts/subtopic.html.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/LoginDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/stdview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis.core.feature/build.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/kons_perspective.ico.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4207398_Resultat_leer.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/dialogs/FileEditDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/achtung.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_8.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEventDispatcher.java.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/icons/sigma.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_5_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/BriefePerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_7.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_27.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/LazyContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/IDocument.java.i
data/elexis/lib/jdom.jar.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/BriefePerspektive.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/clone/AbstractCloneService.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/.project.i
data/dokumentation/elexis.tex.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/PreferencePage.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/export/tools/UtilFile.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_push_1.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/utility/AllTests.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/elexis-win32-nodemo.nsi.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/log/afinion.log.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IApplicationAssistant.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KonsZumVerrechnenWizardDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/script/ScriptProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/refresh.gif.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/form/IForm.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631802_6163_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatientDetailView.java.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/rechnung.gif.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/arrow_prev.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/ch.elexis.core.databinding.iml.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/handlers/HelpHandler.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/TarmedDetailDialog.java.i
data/elexis/build.xml.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4207396_1.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/CloneDestinationPosition.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/patdetail.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/RemoteOfficeConnection.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/highlight-boxes.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/rsc/nachnamen.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/plugin.xml.i
data/eaustria-dame/.pmd.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung11.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2.tex.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/covercard.tex.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/leistung_perspective.png.i
data/elexis-befunde/build.xml.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/commons-beanutils-1.8.0.jar.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/compress/GLZ.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborblattView.java.i
data/elexis-notes/doc/notesview3.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/IFormulaService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/RezepteView.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/Interaction.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/ICreditor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Anwender.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.test.feature/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/vcard.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/EditReminderDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/_ITrustxEvents.java.i
data/elexis-updater/.project.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings2.jpg.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/FormService.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/new1.ico.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Registration.java.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/README.txt.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/messages_fr.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf4.png.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/samples/subtopic2.html.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631740_6007_09_12100.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.100.v20110502/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/packages_multi_both.yaml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/leistung_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099998105613391000_12388.HL7.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/tagMsgLevel.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/pendenzenview.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/kabel.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.core.model/.project.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentContextMenu.java.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/agenda.tex.i
data/documentation francaise/images/tarmed3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableColumnSeparator.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/TrustCenters.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MSOffice97Template.java.i
data/ch.elexis/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/reminder_perspective.ico.i
data/hsql-adapter/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_18_.HL7.i
data/documentation francaise/images/labor6.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/.project.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/DataAccessor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631708_6126_09_12100.HL7.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/.pmd.i
data/elexis/rsc/clipboard.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_25.HL7.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/compress/GLZInputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/RiskElement.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/serializer.NOTICE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/AccountTransaction.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/messages_en.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableFormulaModel.java.i
data/elexis/postgresql.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/calendar_view_day.png.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/MessageDelegate.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_viollier/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/viollier/Importer.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/PackageException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/.project.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_2_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/ebanking_ch/DatePeriodSelectorDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellReferencesService.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/DateField.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099996105611836000_12388.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/perspectives/AbrechnungsPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/.classpath.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4207396_1.hl7.i
data/documentation francaise/views/konsviews.tex.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/src/ch/elexis/importer/keycab/Importer.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/block2.png.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-connect-abxmicros/src/ch/elexis/connect/abxmicros/ConnectAction.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Patient.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aerztekasse/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenf4.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/readme.txt.i
data/elexis/rsc/icd.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/ISticker.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/JetFormat.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/XChangeContributor.java.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/dat/praxis.sem.i
data/doc_fr/images/notiz3.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/dokument.gif.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_10.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer/rsc/database.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/bulletRed.png.i
data/elexis-mail/.classpath.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4196571.hl7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/AbstractProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/BBSPerspective.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/eaustria-dame/tests/res/dame-testprotokoll.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/ausrufez.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_29.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/buildall.cmd.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_KX21N.properties.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/kassenbuch/BuchungsDialog.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.pdf.d
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/src/ch/elexis/EMRPrinter/EMRPrinter.java.i
data/BuildElexis/run_hudson.linux.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099995105610984000_12388.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/FormBorderPainter.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/Panel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/CodecProvider.java.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/plugin.properties.i
data/elexis/README.txt.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/MedicsActivator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BAGMediDetailBlatt.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/IPersistenceService.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/propertyTester/ACETester.java.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/.project.i
data/elexis-iatrix/plugin.properties.i
data/OOwrapper/unoil.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/status/ElexisStatus.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/labneu1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/TarmedImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/DetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Rechnung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/TerminListeView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/ExcelWrapper.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/Controller.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_12.HL7.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_add_3.png.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/AbacusConnection.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextContentEnumeration.java.i
data/elexis-notes/build.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/elexislogo48.png.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/doc/images/boolfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/IndexCursor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631786_6172_09_12346.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer/librxtxSerial.so.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7ParserV23.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.keycab/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/RezeptBlatt.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/XHTMLFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/coreschemas/voc.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/TarmedLeistung.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/FtpSemaException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/AUF.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/MeanElement.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IAnnotation.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellCloneService.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/medelexis.xml.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/doc/images/boolfield.png.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/README.i
data/elexis-tools/helpdesk/custom/helpdesk.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/XidEditDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/AbstractFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/IAgendaLayout.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IViewCursorService.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/jsse.jar.svn-base.d
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/spreadsheet/ISpreadsheetDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/DocumentElement.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf0.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/ChapterDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/save.gif.i
data/TestElexisUI/readme.textile.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/Medical.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/Shortcuts_Windows.xml.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer/medelexis.xml.i
data/dokumentation/images/grundkonfkonta.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/i18n/packsLang.xml_eng.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/leistung_perspective.png.i
data/TestElexis/build.xml.i
data/elexis-utilities/.settings/org.eclipse.wst.common.project.facet.core.xml.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/spreadsheet/ISpreadsheetDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar/plugin.xml.i
data/dokumentation/images/konslisteview.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBConnectFirstPage.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/aufview.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_7.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/BBSPerspective.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.swt.win32.win32.x86_3.5.0.v3550b.jar.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.swt.win32.win32.x86_3.5.0.v3550b.jar.d
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/reflotron_device.jpg.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/rs232/SerialConnectionException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTableCellRangeName.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/TemplatePrintView.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.out.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/whatisit.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099997105612638000_12388.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/ersteschritte-addendum.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/au/com/bytecode/opencsv/package.html.i
data/dokumentation/images/use5.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/javadoc.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/formula/FormulaDocument.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IApplicationProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Preferences.java.i
data/TestElexisUI/screenshots/createTestPatient(ch.elexis.uitests.core.TestElexisCore).jpeg.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/ICloneService.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/messages_de.properties.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xmlgraphics-commons-1.2.jar.d
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xmlgraphics-commons-1.2.jar.i
data/TestElexisUI/screenshots/createTestPatient(ch.elexis.uitests.core.TestElexisCore).jpeg.d
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/page_copy.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_3.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/Logger.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/stethoskop.gif.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/PluginDataProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/Artikeldetail.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/export/messages.properties.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/daten/Laborbefund.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/.project.i
data/doc_fr/images/xc4.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/patlistfilter2.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/BestellView.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/util/Debug.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Status.png.i
data/elexis-befunde/build.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_viollier/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_20.HL7.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/saaj.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis-importer/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/toolbarbutton.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/AllPluginTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/.externalToolBuilders/Jar_Builder.launch.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/PersistentObjectLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IPartner.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IRnOutputter.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/doc/images/strfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core/ch.elexis.core.iml.i
data/elexis/rsc/leistung.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/LabItem.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.ilg.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRRecordDialog.java.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/plugin_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_1.HL7.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/TextData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_11.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KontakteView.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/developer.textile.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/DisplayTextDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/DataInterchangeFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/XChangeContainer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/TrustCenters.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4198015.hl7.i
data/documentation francaise/images/import2.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/refresh.gif.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr10.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/recurringDate.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/UnsupportedCodecException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/.pmd.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/GenericRange.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/serverside/download.php.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_14_.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/ICloseListener.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/AccessControl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESR.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/MimeTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MiGelDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ObjectFilterRegistry.java.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/build.properties.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/build.properties.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/PatientErfassenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/db/connection/ElexisDatabase.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/build.xml.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/images/counterfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/Hub.java.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/EbmLogIn.java.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/ArtikelSelektor.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/VersionInfo.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/BlockImporter.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/build.properties.i
data/noatext/lib/ICE_JNIRegistry.dll.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4197158.hl7.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/lib/commons-codec.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615183553256_10010491_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_04_Mikrobiologie1.HL7.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/icons/balloon__arrow.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/yaml/test/ImportFileTest.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/MediDetailDialog.java.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.model/whatisit.textile.i
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/tarmeddetail1.png.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/SearchAction.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/toolbarbutton.jpg.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/PhysioImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/ticode.ico.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/SearchView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/3000303801.hl7.d
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/.project.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/text/Test_EnhancedTextField2.java.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/whatisit.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/3000303801.hl7.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkSyntaxException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/printing/Printer.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/ReflotronConnection.java.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/lib/jackcess-1.2.0.jar.d
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/UnionQuery.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/starter-mac.ini.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PageStyle.java.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/lib/jackcess-1.2.0.jar.i
data/documentation francaise/images/labor1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/kontaktdetail_view.png.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/elexis-connect-afinion.bbl.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding/src/ch/elexis/core/databinding/PersistentObjectChangeEvent.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/AbstractData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/SysmexConnection.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/build.properties.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Config_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/TempPageHolder.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCell.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/DefaultRenderer.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/EditReminderDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/NumberFormat.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkTableNotFoundException.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/SCSU.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/util/IatrixMessages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/labor1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/Plannables.java.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/Package.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/commons-logging.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/util/DateTool.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/script/IScriptProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr21.png.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung4.png.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/Scheinextrahierungsstrategie.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/ColumnHeader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/XidEditDialog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/modern.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631833_6173_09_12346.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/TemplateDrucker.java.i
data/eaustria-basis/build.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/Logger.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ConnectionElement.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ExternalLink.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/SylkFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/bulletGreen.png.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/events/IElexisEventDispatcher.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/document_text.png.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631708_6164_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRSelectionListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRView3.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/GlobalEventDispatcher.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/IJavaNumberFormat.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/patientdetail_view.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/build.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/elexis-grandma.rb.i
data/elexis/schema/Text.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnContentProvider.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/modell.eps.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/DefaultControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/jcert.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/icons/abacusjunior.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_11.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/messages.properties.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypEnum.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.idx.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EncounterView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/AdressPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AssignEtiketteDialog.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/runtime/IOfficeProgressMonitor.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/HtmlParser.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaImages.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/.classpath.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/KonsExtension.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/DocumentAdapter.java.i
data/TestElexis/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/HL7.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/IRangeRenderer.java.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/QFADialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/Value.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/.classpath.i
data/elexis/rsc/telephone.png.i
data/h2-adapter/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/fragment.properties.i
data/elexis-fire/doc/fire3.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/RFE.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_17.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/bestell_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc5.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/reagensask.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/TableBuilder.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/attach.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr1.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/bestell2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/TextTemplatePreferences.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/LimitationText.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_2.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/FakturaJournalDetail.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/LocalApplicationWizardDefinePage.java.i
data/elexis/doc/htmldoc-template.html.i
data/elexis-omnivore/icons/sample.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/ElexisTextPlugin.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/saveperspektive.gif.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Dose.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/SearchView.java.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/messages_fr.properties.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/ui/composite/WeeklySeriesComposite.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_LabItem.java.i
data/elexis_test/doc/test4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/doc/liste2.png.i
data/elexis-importer-praxistar/src/ch/elexis/importer/praxistar/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/GenericPrintDialog.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/LaborblattView.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/jcekeys.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/ICD10LazyTreeLoader.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/GenericPrintDialog.java.i
data/eaustria-edifact/tests/eaustria/edifact/EdifactAberrationsTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/.project.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings4.png.i
data/medshare-base-external/org.apache.commons.httpclient_3.1.0.v20080605-1935.jar.d
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/update14.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824115323751_2009082420691302_12005.HL7.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/dokumentation/images/data2.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/rsc/dummy.png.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc4.png.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/icons/ggruen.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.ui.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/DocumentSelectDialog.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/text2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/Labor2009Selector.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableFormulaModel.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/FtpServer.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819181957133_2009081920690880_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/connection/AbstractOfficeConnection.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextContentService.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xalan.BCEL.LICENSE.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/CommonViewer.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung2.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/export.gif.i
data/doc_fr/appendix/extplugins.tex.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Risch-Bern/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/MediDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/money.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextCursorService.java.i
data/TestElexisNonUI/src/pde/test/utils/PDETestResultsCollector.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/ReminderPrefences.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/formula/IFormulaDocument.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr16.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Romandie/1_Kunde_20100304171422937_0100214363_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/RFEView.java.i
data/elexis/mysql-connector.jar.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450109_LA10430175_MOLIS_12343.HL7.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/doc/EBM-login.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/AbstractDataLoaderJob.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/import3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/AllPluginTests.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_import_3.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/schreiben.gif.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/doc/oddb.yaml.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/BriefAusgabe.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/MesswertTypScale.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/whatisit.textile.i
data/noatext/.classpath.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/PluginstatistikenDatenquelle.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/plugin_en.properties.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/.classpath.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/export.ico.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/data/ICalTransfer.java.i
data/elexis-agenda_test/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/Test_Termin.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/DokuImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/ActiveControlListener.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/PreferencePage.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/frame/ILayoutManager.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/mercurial-how2.textile.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/views/TagesView.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BagMediContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/BildanzeigeFenster.java.i
data/elexis-tools/helpdesk/custom/icon1.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/.scala_dependencies.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Value.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/xChangeExporter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Konsultation.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/ridl.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/telephone.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/CHANGELOG.txt.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090616143002224_10010772_.HL7.i
data/doc_fr/images/settingsmain.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LabGroupPrefs.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/arztrechnung2.png.i
data/documentation francaise/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/auftragsetikette.ico.i
data/elexis-utilities/.pmd.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ICode.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/lib/jdom-LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/aeskulap.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/KGDrucker.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/DestinationPosition.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ImportFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/data/EigendiagnoseFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/tafel.jpg.i
data/medshare-directories/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/ReflotronConnection.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026160040546_LA10430204_MOLIS_12667.HL7.i
data/TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/messages_de.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings-agenda-druck2.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/messages_de.properties.i
data/medshare-ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/messages.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/crypt/CryptologistException.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_3.HL7.i
data/TestElexisNonUI/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/ActivateOfficeApplicationOperation.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450109_LA10430181_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Messages.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/tour2.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/Messages.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/import.png.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.aux.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/build.properties.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/axis-ant.jar.svn-base.i
data/medshare-directories/plugin.xml.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/build.properties.i
data/doc_fr/mitmachen.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/src/ch/elexis/core/application/Lipsum.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BAGMediDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/testdaten/kx21_1.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableProperties.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/behandlung.ico.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/DocumentEvent.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_8.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/Validator.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/fall.ico.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/Leistung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr24.png.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Rezept.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/MedikamentImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/ScriptingException.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/rsc/pin_black.png.i
data/elexis-connect-jivex/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/TerminateEvent.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/InputPanel.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_9.HL7.i
data/elexis-iatrix/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis-iatrix/.project.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/elexis.xml.i
data/elexis-befunde/plugin_en.properties.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/Query.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_8.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ImportUtil.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/.classpath.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/.classpath.i
data/elexis-core/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MarkupElement.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/DameDokumentverwaltungsbeobachter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_15_.HL7.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4197158.hl7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableCellRange.java.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/EditReminderDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/ClonedObject.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/plugin.properties.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core/ch.elexis.core.eml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IDocumentIndex.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.0.200.v20090520/eclipse_1206.so.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/bold.gif.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/MakeTableQuery.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/MedikamentImporterVidal.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/QFADialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/SysSettings.java.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOWrapper.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824131824665_2009082420691304_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/import.gif.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ResultElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OpenDocumentFilter.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/modell.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/sysmex_device_pochi.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PagePosition.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung2/.project.i
data/dokumentation/images/customize1.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/views/MessungBearbeiten.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz_test/build.properties.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Document.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615183553287_10010497_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/OmnivoreView.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/match_elexis.xml.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/messages_fr.properties.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631865_6092_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-tools/fixit/MVZuVVG/PreStartUpdate.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/views/KonsListView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_16.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615165352256_10010407_.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_14.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-abxmicros/src/ch/elexis/connect/abxmicros/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellReferencesService.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-base-1.1.jar.d
data/elexis/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/labor4.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/agenda2.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/pill.png.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/events/ElexisEventListener.java.i
data/elexis-importer/RXTXcomm.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/DisplayLabDokumenteDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LabGroupPrefs.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/RechnungsDrucker.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/unittests-how2.textile.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/trustx.dll.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/IcpcCode.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaFarben.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/messages_de.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/CursorService.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.blg.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/rsc/physiotarif.csv.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/rsc/reagenzglas.ico.i
data/elexis-utilities/lib/bcprov-jdk15-140.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/MaxMinElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.blg.i
data/elexis-utilities/lib/bcprov-jdk15-140.jar.d
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/launcher.win32.win32.x86.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/_home.ico.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/util/HL7Helper.java.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/.pmd.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_import_6.png.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/connected.jpg.i
data/dokumentation/images/rechnungsfilter.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty.mdb.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/filter.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextRange.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/serializer.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/core/TestElexisCore.java.i
data/elexis/lib/bsh-core-2.0b4.jar.d
data/elexis/rsc/add.gif.i
data/elexis-importer/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/data/Eigendiagnose.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_13.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615122344302_10010403_.HL7.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/SearchView.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Reminder.java.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Bioanalytica/1_20110523114411287_10-00000131S_12388.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/link.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/NumberFormatService.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf7.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_3.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_15.HL7.i
data/LogBackend/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/auf.png.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/CBZip2OutputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/CDA-CH_Sample_de-CH.xsl.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/messages.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/tarmed1.png.i
data/eaustria-utensil/src/eaustria/utensil/xml/XmlLeertextvernichter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/LICENSE.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableManagement.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/PersistenceException.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings2.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/desktop/DesktopException.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/RisksElement.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/messages_fr.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/rechnungsautomatik.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/DocumentException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/ComplexValue.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/grundkonfmand2.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/hsqldb.jar.d
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/hsqldb.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/whatisit.textile.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/tocreference.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/IValueType.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026171802703_LA10430254_MOLIS_13171.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/KX-21N_IFU_fin_2.0_de.pdf.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/package.html.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/KX-21N_IFU_fin_2.0_de.pdf.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/ActionAdapter.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/new.ico.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/AdressPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FallDetailView.java.i
data/medshare-ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.odt.i
data/jdomwrapper/build.properties.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/SettingsDialog.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/bioanalytica/Importer.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/LocalOfficeApplicationConfiguration.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/Elexis.nsi.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/TarmedOptifier.java.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/RowId.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/messages.properties.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/elexis_openvpn_client.lyx.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/buch2.png.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/Textextrahierung.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/elexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/doc/newmsg.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631568_5884_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/CaseInsensitiveColumnMatcher.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/Query.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.0.200.v20090519/launcher.win32.win32.x86.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/.classpath.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/avalon-framework-4.2.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.releng/buckminster/local.core.test.cquery.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/PatErf.bat.i
data/ch.elexis.core.extlibs.feature/.project.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/AgendaImporter.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv10.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/elexis48.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/MessungKonfiguration.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/export.png.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/IMesswertTyp.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/TarmedSelectorPanelProvider.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf8.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/teamw/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/netzwerk.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/.scala_dependencies.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/ChapterDisplay.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/befunde1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/runconfig3.png.d
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/runconfig3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPropertyDescriptionElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/FlashFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SimpleStructuredDocument.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/TarmedTaxpunktkorrektur.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615183553318_10010509_.HL7.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/preferences/Utilities.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/export.gif.i
data/medshare-directories/plugin_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/rezept_view.png.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/DataAccessor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ExportUtil.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/doc/newmsg3.png.i
data/elexis-importer/ostermillerutils_1_06_00.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.core.model/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/SqlSettings.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/IDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/AUFZeugnis.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_3.6.0.v3650b.jar.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_3.6.0.v3650b.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/TrustCenters.java.i
data/documentation francaise/installs/serverinst.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/ArtikelPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/moveToUpperList.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf9.png.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_3.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/images/artikelview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/BAGMediImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IPersistentObjectManager.java.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/elexislogo48.png.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/InitPackage.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ETFDropReceiver.java.i
data/elexis/schema/xCHangeContribution.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/elexislogo48.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/LabeledInputField.java.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FixMediDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ArtikelLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/BildFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/mysql-connector-java-5.1.6-bin.jar.d
data/elexis-agenda/icons/calendar.png.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/fragment.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/KonsExtension.exsd.i
data/TestElexis/ch/elexis/tests/FtpServerTest.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/meldungen.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_9.HL7.i
data/fop-wrapper/commons-io-1.3.1.jar.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/abrvor1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextCursorService.java.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/paste.gif.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/rezept_view.ico.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IAnnotationService.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/omnivore1.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/rezept1.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7LaborWert.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Kontakt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/.classpath.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/icons/reflotron_old.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/PassthroughQuery.java.i
data/elexis/index.html.i
data/elexis/rsc/EMREntry.xml.i
data/elexis-utilities/.settings/org.eclipse.wst.validation.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KontakteView.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2_test/rsc/messwerte_test.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/frau.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv13.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/views/MessungBearbeitenWithLayout.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/serializer-2.7.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/Query.java.i
data/noatext/lib/nativeview.dll.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/TarmedDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/labor_view.ico.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/jcert.jar.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Package.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/build.properties.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/freemarker-2.3.15.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/ApplicationWorkbenchWindowAdvisor.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/xercesImpl-2.4.0.jar.i
data/TestElexisWT/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/xercesImpl-2.4.0.jar.d
data/dokumentation/images/filterdialog.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/src/ch/elexis/core/application/namen.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/AddBuchungDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableRowCloneService.java.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/draw/DrawingDocument.java.i
data/noatext/lib/juh.jar.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/config.jpg.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DragSourceImpl.java.i
data/dokumentation/installs/server.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/GenericPrintDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/schema/PersistentReference.exsd.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/PatHeuteView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IEncounter.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/build.xml.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/doc_fr/images/labor6.png.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/rechnung/RnPrintView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/Note.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/HTMLFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/RFE.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLink.java.i
data/eaustria-utensil/tests/eaustria/utensil/Beobachterverwaltungstests.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/Money.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/ReflotronSprintAction.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/Leistung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/build.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/grundkonfkonta.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/arrow_prev.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/wand.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/tick.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ProcessController.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTable.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_28.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/XMLTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/postgresql.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.core.feature/build/product.ant.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/xercesImpl-2.4.0.jar.d
data/dokumentation/datenschutz.tex.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/milyn-smooks-all-1.4.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/ODDBView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.out.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/milyn-smooks-all-1.4.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/lib/xercesImpl-2.4.0.jar.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/compress/TestCompress.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/org/eclipse/wb/swt/TableViewerColumnSorter.java.i
data/OOwrapper/.classpath.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/ArtikelPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/missed.ico.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/commons-discovery.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.bbl.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/icons/wonca16.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/commands/ExportCommand.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/FileDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr5.png.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigExterneDaten_testConfigExterneDaten_screenshot_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/hg_pull_1.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/IFormulaElement.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/icpc.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/TextFilter.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTableColumn.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/block1.png.i
data/elexis-befunde/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/com/tiff/common/ui/datepicker/DatePicker.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.praxistar/doc/anleitung.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/get_orion.rb.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/VetoTerminateListener.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/images/scalefield.png.i
data/elexis/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/CBZip2OutputStream.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Zeitvorgaben.java.i
data/elexis/schema/Transporter.exsd.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/.classpath.i
data/documentation francaise/images/arztrechnung1.png.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/messages_en.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.100.v20110505/launcher.gtk.linux.x86.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/OpenMedical/0025_standard.HL7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/rfe3.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v23-1.0.1.jar.d
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/medics/util/MedicsLogger.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_viollier/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/viollier/PreferencePage.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/doc/whatisit.textile.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v23-1.0.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/AnalysesElement.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819174656882_2009081920690876_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/runconfig3.png.d
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/transmissionerror.jpg.i
data/elexis-simpletext/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/Page.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/refresh.gif.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung4.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.swt.win32.win32.x86_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/BBSPerspective.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/doc/elexis-fire.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnOutputDialog.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/elexis.exe.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.swt.win32.win32.x86_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/Messages.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/rsc/messwerte.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IDataReceiver.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_1.HL7.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/data/ArtikelFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_5.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_4.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/icon.xpm.i
data/elexis/rsc/brief2.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/.settings/org.scala-ide.sdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/Natrium_Text.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/rsc/EAL_2011.xls.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/docs/connector-j.html.d
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/docs/connector-j.html.i
data/elexis-utilities/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.core.prefs.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Version.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Logger.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/log/reflotron.log.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/EXCEPTIONS-CONNECTOR-J.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentSelector2.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis-logo.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/TarmedOptifier.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/delete.gif.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/BBSPerspective.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/use1.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KGPrintView.java.i
data/elexis-scripting-beanshell/build.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/PDFFilter.java.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Risch-Bern/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_KX21N.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborOrderPulldownMenuCreator.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/Value.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ITextPlugin.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_6.HL7.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/ArtikelPerspektive.java.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/rsc/empty.odt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/xchange.xsd.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_KX21_fr.properties.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/messages.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/xc1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/form/IFormComponent.java.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/hl7/universal/Importer.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/readme.textile.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/src/ch/ngiger/comm/ftp/FtpSemaException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4198004.hl7.i
data/documentation francaise/tour/patneu.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/testdaten/kx21N_1.txt.i
data/elexis/schema/ServiceRegistry.exsd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/AssignReminderToUser.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_17.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/medics/views/MedicsBrowserView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/fragment.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/Messages.java.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/dateien.xls.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_IntTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellRangeCloneService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/CommonViewer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/SWTHelper.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/bioanalytica/PreferencePage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_03_Immunologie.HL7.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/icons/calendar.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/PlatzhalterTreeData.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/serializer-2.7.0.jar.d
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/CalculateFormula.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/scripting.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/ScriptView.java.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/lib/commons-codec.jar.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/build.properties.i
data/mysql-adapter/.project.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/build.properties.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/ausrufez.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch.tex.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/MesswertTypNum.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ByteUtil.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources_test/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Mit PV1/Unilabs_Zurich_18.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/jurt.jar.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/HotKeyHandler.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/package.html.i
data/dokumentation/images/import3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/concepts/Gruppen.html.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings-agenda-druck2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_7.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/doc/elexis-eigendiagnosen.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/minus.ico.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/TICodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/.classpath.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/createDB.script.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/documentation francaise/appendix/extplugins.tex.i
data/medshare-directories/sample/listDetail.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/Argument.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LagerView.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/buch.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/LaboEinstellung.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentService.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IDataReceiver.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/ReminderPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/IFormula.java.i
data/documentation francaise/text/einleitung.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825130034294_2009082520691309_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-simpletext/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/medshare-ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/SearchPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/.classpath.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/AfinionConnection2.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/MiGelArtikel.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/xid.xsd.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/einleitung.tex.i
data/documentation francaise/images/etikette1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Verrechnet.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/RangeHandlerImpl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ICode.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/importdlg.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/consult_view.ico.i
data/dokumentation/images/xc4.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/omnivore1.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/HL7_ORU_R01.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/PropertyCollection.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090820173404214_2009082020690894_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/build.properties.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/views/WebBrowserView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/RecordElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/medi.ico.i
data/eaustria-dame/tests/LIESMICH.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/com4j.jar.i
data/elexis-agenda/lib/commons-lang-2.3.jar.d
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/util/Extensions.java.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/views/CodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/doc/Buildanleitung.docx.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/leistung_perspective.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/XIDEdit.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/RemoteOfficeApplication.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/EndOfOutputException.java.i
data/ch.elexis/.pmd.i
data/elexis/rsc/kuvert.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/ArtikelDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/minus.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IOfficeApplicationConfiguration.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IParagraphProperties.java.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/viollier/HL7.java.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/AbstractOfficeApplication.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/lock.png.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/Messages.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar.i
data/OOwrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOText.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IGenderService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty.mdb.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/FileTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/leistung_perspective.png.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/HL7Textbefundextrahierung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/.pmd.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings-agenda-druck2.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/AbstractOfficeConfiguration.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/Blut_leer.hl7.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/CodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/Form.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/RechnungsPrefs.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ch/elexis/noa/OfficePanel.java.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/rsc/conflict.png.i
data/eaustria-basis/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableProperties.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/use5.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/achtung.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Leistungsblock.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/icons/notebook.gif.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/MFUList.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_10.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/.pmd.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/build.xml.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/ObservationMessage.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/page_red.png.i
data/TestElexisUI/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/document_management.textile.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_18.HL7.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7ParserV23.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/build.properties.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/.project.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/IFilter.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_JdbcLink.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/rsc/pin_yellow.png.i
data/documentation francaise/images/artikelview.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/WikipediaSearchAction.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/gettingstarted/import1.html.i
data/TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/core/TestElexisCore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/drucker.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026160040546_LA10430204_MOLIS_12667.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/patientdetail_view.ico.i
data/BuildElexis/local.properties.hudson.linux.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/Medical.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/axis.jar.i
data/doc_fr/text/vorlagen.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/box_label.png.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableCellRange.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/release-manager-how2.textile.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/images/enumfield.png.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/SimpleColumnMatcher.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/View.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631724_5916_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825131034501_2009082520691314_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/valuetexts_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/messages_de.properties.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/MessungenUebersichtV21.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/matchers/ConflictResolveDialog.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/address_book.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/ElexisCoreException.java.i
data/TestElexisUI/build.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/refresh.ico.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v23-1.1.jar.d
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/build.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-structures-v23-1.1.jar.i
data/elexis/rsc/basket.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/xchange.xsd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/Hub.java.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesList.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/personok.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/DiagnoseCodeFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/BuildElexis/pro.cmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/DauerMediDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/document__pencil.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/MediPreisKorrektur.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/Episode.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/model/ContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/kontaktdetail.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ElexisEvent.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/rechnung/RechnungsDrucker.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MSOffice95TemplateFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr22.png.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.out.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/Desk_old.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/BlockExporter.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/build.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/BillSummary.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/page_red.png.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/VersionedResource.java.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-fire/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/book.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/SafeElement.java.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/build.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/check_plugin_version.rb.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/KX-21 Interface.pdf.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DayMessage.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/clone/AbstractCloneService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_13_.HL7.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/kassenbuch/KassenView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableRow.java.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/ICD10.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/frau.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/DataType.java.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/com4j.dll.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ConnectionElement.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_sub_projects_1.png.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/Chol_Punkt_NTE.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Bioanalytica/1_20110523114411271_10-00000127S_12388.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.AerztekasseImport/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/EMREntry.xsd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/BezugsKontakt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTableColumn.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/FilterFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/db/IDatabaseDocument.java.i
data/elexis-importer-praxistar/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/leistung.png.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/KontaktEntry.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatientMenuPopulator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KontaktBlatt.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis_test/.classpath.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/SettingsPreferenceStore.java.i
data/medshare-ebm/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/IExchangeContributor.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/SelectQuery.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/xc3.png.i
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/abrvor1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/util/FileFiltersConvention.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/clipboard.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/bild3.png.d
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/icons/sample.gif.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Risch-Bern/messages_fr.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/bild3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/acl/ACLContributor.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.2.R36x_v20101019_1345/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/scm_workflow.textile.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/ApplicationInfo.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/export.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/.project.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings3.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/sysmex_device_kx.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/dokumentation/images/fixmediview.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.100.v20110505/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/dialogs/FileEditDialog.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/FuzzyMatcher.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/AbstractDocument.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/plugin.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KonsFilterDialog.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/JCECrypter.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/CloneDestinationPosition.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/konsview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/plugin_it.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/Messages.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/ognl-2.7.3.jar.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/ognl-2.7.3.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.agenda/javadoc.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/messages_de.properties.i
data/eaustria-basis/src/eaustria/basis/Lader.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4196404.hl7.i
data/elexis/lib/ehcache-1.5.0.jar.i
data/elexis/rsc/faelle.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/src/ch/elexis/storage/fakedb/Customer.scala.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IPatient.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/statistiken.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableCell.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/TemplateDrucker.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/Compress/CompEx.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/Test.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatHeuteView.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/anleitung.aux.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_08.HL7.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/log4j-1.2.4.jar.svn-base.d
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/gettingstarted/import2.html.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/ColumnHeader.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/reference/maintopic.html.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/IOpaqueDocument.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/testrefF.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/EnhancedTextField.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/floppy.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/log4j-1.2.4.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/ListeNachFaelligkeit.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_import_5.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/AddElementToBlockDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/Arguments.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/plugin.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/bildanzeige.tex.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_9.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung13.png.d
data/dokumentation/installs/dbanbindung.tex.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung13.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr18.png.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/views/ExterneDokumente.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/bestell_perspective.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/arztrechnung2.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/xercesImpl.jar.d
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xml-apis.LICENSE.DOM-software.html.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/xercesImpl.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/Lipsum.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypScale.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/kontakte_view.png.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/matchers/KontaktMatcher.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_10.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/.pmd.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Constants.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ContactsElement.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ColumnBuilder.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/InsuranceElement.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/widgets/EnhancedTextFieldRO.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/SelectorField.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/rechnungsautomatik.png.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/MGD/MGD_1.HL7.i
data/elexis-connect-abxmicros/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026173127031_LA10430054_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/BestellPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/concepts/maintopic.html.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/messages_en.properties.i
data/doc_fr/views/rest.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/Messages.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/InMemorySettings.java.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/officebean.jar.i
data/elexis-scripting/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/ActiveControl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/beans/IProperties.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/commons-codec.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/samples/subtopic2.html.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MedicationElement.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_push_2.png.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/doc/hilotec-messwerte.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/src/ch/elexis/core/data/PersistentObjectTrait.scala.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/rsc/codes.dat.i
data/doc_fr/images/agendamulti.png.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/aeskulap.png.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/Value.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/RTFFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice40Filter.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/Resource.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/EigenartikelSelektor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/FachinformationArzneimittel.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/documents_stack.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_3.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/ErstelleRnnCommand.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc0.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Kontakt.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/abrechnungssystem1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/FieldDescriptor.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.cocoa.macosx.x86_64_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/box_label.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_15.HL7.i
data/OOwrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOPrinter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr20.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/mysql-connector-java.jar.i
data/documentation francaise/images/text2.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/mysql-connector-java.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ScriptUtil.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/SDW40Filter.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/TrustCenters.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DBImage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/ELW_1.HL7.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Probe.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/BAGMediImporter.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631677_6127_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/DataDefinitionQuery.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/ACLContributor.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/icons/orot.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PersistentObjectDropTarget.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/messages_fr.properties.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/groovy-all-1.5.7.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ServiceElement.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/groovy-all-1.5.7.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCellRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/bold24.gif.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.i
data/elexis-simpletext/.classpath.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/AssignStickerDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_16_.HL7.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/doc/anleitung.tex.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xml-apis.NOTICE.txt.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/.classpath.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/preferences/AgendaAnzeige.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/CalculateString.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/doc/developer/overview.uxf.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/PluginstatistikenDatenquelle.java.i
data/elexis/schema/RechnungsManager.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/SoapConverter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/actions/AgendaActions.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/labview.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/EditAUFDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/gettingstarted/import2.html.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Anschrift.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.d
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/src/ch/elexis/core/data/PersonTrait.scala.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/Car.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Bioanalytica/1_20110523114411365_11-00000204M_12388.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/messages_en.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/verbindung13.png.d
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/refresh.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/.pmd.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IAnnotation.java.i
data/elexis-simpletext/build.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_20_PV1.HL7.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/lipsum.txt.i
data/doc_fr/images/modell.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/Activator.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypNum.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/DocumentManagement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/build.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/messages.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IPersistenceProvider.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_26.HL7.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/StringConstants.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/EventAdapter.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xml-apis.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/Assert.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/messages_de.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/AbstractOfficeApplication.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/AbstractData.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.tex.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.100.v20110502/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/elexis-fire/rsc/Fire_schema.pdf.i
data/medshare-base-external/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818170647119_2009081820690913_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/labor_view.png.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-logging-1.1.1-javadoc.jar.d
data/doc_fr/images/einf2.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/xml-apis.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/.settings/org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBImportWizard.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_import_7.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaDruck.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/EncapsulatedData.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis16.png.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-icpc/icons/wonca16.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/plugin.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-tools/helpdesk/custom/logo.bmp.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.0.200.v20090519/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/plugin.xml.i
data/dokumentation/images/leistungen1.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/MessungenUebersichtV20.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KontaktBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/ui/composite/YearlySeriesComposite.java.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/doc/Laborimport-HL7-Universal.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/avalon-framework.LICENSE.txt.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages_fr.properties.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.createPatient_testcreatePatient_screenshot_0.png.d
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/CHANGELOG.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/anleitung.idx.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/CHANGELOG.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450140_LA10430185_MOLIS_12883.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Macro.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/doc/BedieneranleitungElexisMedicsConnectorPlugin.docx.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypCalc.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/kabel.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/ausrufez_rot.ico.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/doc/BedieneranleitungElexisMedicsConnectorPlugin.docx.d
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/gofurther.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/schloss_zu.png.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/persistence-api-1.0.jar.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MesswertTypCalc.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/KX21Data.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_NumerischeWerte.hl7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Interpreter.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/commons-beanutils-1.8.0.jar.d
data/elexis-importer/ostermillerutils_1_06_00.jar.d
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.0.200.v20090520/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_1.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.100.v20110502/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/RezeptBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/arrow_up.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/calendar_view_day.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/fehler.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/ICDImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/schloss.gif.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_13_.HL7.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/whatisit.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/plugin_en.properties.i
data/ElexisBasicFeature/.pmd.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung3.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/ICloneService.java.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/icons/help.gif.i
data/documentation francaise/images/verbindung3.png.d
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/DeleteQuery.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IBookmarkService.java.i
data/OOwrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOPrefs.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr26.png.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/views/EditEpisodeDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/src/ch/elexis/icpc/fire/handlers/Analyzer.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_03_Immunologie.HL7.i
data/noatext/.project.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/info.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631818_6184_09_12346.HL7.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hgeclipse-3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/ApplicationAssistant.java.i
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/einnahme1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Money.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/doc/readme.textile.i
data/noatext/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KontaktErfassenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/PreferenceCostants.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv8.png.i
data/elexis-mail/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/xchange/XChangeContributor.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/printing/Printer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/reference/maintopic.html.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/arrived.ico.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/page_green.png.i
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/kontakt.png.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FallDetailBlatt2.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/.classpath.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/clipboard.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615122344146_10010395_.HL7.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/CommonContentProviderAdapter.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/befunde1.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/save.gif.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090820113701572_2009082020690900_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/arrow_down.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/.classpath.i
data/dokumentation/text/einleitung.tex.i
data/elexis-scripting/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/BuildElexis/options.cmd.i
data/documentation francaise/images/customize1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/BBSEntry.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/ArrayUtils.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/NotesContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/buch1.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/EtiketteDruckenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.features.switzerland.de/build.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.100.v20110505/eclipse_1407.so.i
data/elexis/doc/package-template.html.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/beans/IPropertyStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/DateSelectorDialog.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.2.R36x_v20101019_1345/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTableCellPropertyStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/doc/htmldoc-template.html.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/FirstnameListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/export.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/Version.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/SampleVIew.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/.settings/org.eclipse.pde.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.ind.i
data/elexis/rsc/page_find.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_11.HL7.i
data/elexis-switzerland/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/.project.i
data/elexis-icpc/doc/icpc8.png.i
data/elexis-connect-jivex/src/ch/elexis/connect/jivex/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/OpenMedical/0025_standard.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.jivex/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.carbon.macosx_1.0.200.v20090520-1835/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties.ubuntu_vm.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/NOAException.java.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/messages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/appendix/vollversion.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/hapi-base-1.0.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/src/ch/elexis/icpc/fire/ui/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/DocHandle.java.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.idx.i
data/elexis-tools/helpdesk/elexis-support.exe.d
data/documentation francaise/images/agenda2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/SelectorPanel.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/ImportKonfliktDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/spreadsheet/SpreadsheetDocument.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/ColumnHeader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/Attachment.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/Keine_Daten.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/IDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631521_6205_09_12346.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-tools/helpdesk/custom/background.bmp.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/adressen.xls.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/TICode.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/ExportDialog.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/MiGelImporter.java.i
data/dokumentation/grundeinstellung.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/printing/PrintService.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/saaj.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Test_HL7_Tabellen_Darstellung .HL7.i
data/elexis-tools/helpdesk/elexis-support.exe.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/Messages.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/DameDokument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_3_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/Message.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/messages_en.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/elexis-mac.icns.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_7.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/script/ScriptProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/messages_de.properties.i
data/TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/messages.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings-agenda-druck1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026173127031_LA10430053_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/documents_stack.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/rsc/blackbox.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_properties_1.png.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/messages_it.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/juh.jar.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/refresh.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/jsse.jar.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/jsse.jar.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SSDRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/fragment_views_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/toc.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr19.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/Plannables.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4195646.hl7.i
data/elexis-icpc/build.properties.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/messwerte.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ContactElement.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4207396_GruppeChemie_Pos1234.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/IElexisEventDispatcher.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice40TemplateFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/TarmedACL.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/page_green.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test.iml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/eigenleistung/EigenleistungCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631521_6203_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/filter.gif.i
data/elexis-updater/src/ch/elexis/update/UpdateClient.java.i
data/documentation francaise/text/datenfelder.tex.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/.project.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings5.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/information.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/daten.gif.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ICharacterPropertyStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung2/prefs/Preferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/jaxrpc.jar.i
data/doc_fr/appendix/sicherheit.tex.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/commons-net-1.4.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.keycab/.classpath.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/SqlSettings.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/LaborLeistung.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/UserTextPref.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc0.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/block2.png.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_Timespan.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/XChangeImporter.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/compress/Huff.java.i
data/elexis-fire/icons/sample.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/fragment_perspectives_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/Activator.java.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/liste.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IViewCursorService.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/deps/apache/bsf/2.4.0/bsf-2.4.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/.project.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/money.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615183553256_10010491_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/toolbarbutton.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRView2.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableFormulaService.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/messwert.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/buch3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/fehler.ico.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KonsFilterDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/CharacterPropertyStore.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/build.properties.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/medelexis.xml.i
data/noatext/build.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IText.java.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/src/org/ekkescorner/logging/osgi/LogReaderListenerComponent.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/BestellView.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung2/.classpath.i
data/dokumentation/images/import1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/Messages.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/Extrahierungsstrategie.java.i
data/elexis-fire/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/VerrechenbarAdapter.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/.classpath.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/ExcelWrapper.java.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/trustx.tex.i
data/dokumentation/images/labor5.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/buch.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/connected.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/artikel_perspective.png.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/whatisit.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xml-apis-1.3.02.jar.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MesswertTypStr.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_6.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/page_go.png.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkResourceException.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/jaxen-1.1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS/1_1_20091207145014727_20091207_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/UtilFile.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/jaxen-1.1.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KontaktExtDialog.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/labor3.png.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/util/IatrixMessages.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Patient.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/doc/images/datafield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/series/SerienTermin.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/NOAUIPluginImages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/WidgetFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRRecord.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz_test/.classpath.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/elexis-utilities.iml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/kons_perspective.ico.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/BuildElexis/build.mac.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/Messung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/Import_Agenda.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_KX21N_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/samples/subtopic.html.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090821133210972_2009082120690907_12005.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/text/Annotation.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/RnPrintView2.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/patlistview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/fragment_de.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings-agenda-druck2.jpg.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/doc/ch.elexis.notes.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/Kabelkonfiguration.pdf.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/doc/detail1.png.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ColumnBuilder.java.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/NotizInputDialog.java.i
data/eaustria-basis/src/eaustria/basis/daten/TransientesObjekt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS/1_1_20091207153115321_20091207_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/buch3.png.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/elexis-connect-afinion.idx.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_17.HL7.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/GalenicGroup.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/printing/IPrinter.java.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/HistoryDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/messages_fr.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/BSFActionsSpec.xml.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/rechnung/RechnungsDrucker.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_import_5.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/LaborPrefs2.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/labview.png.i
data/elexis-mail/.pmd.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/ch.elexis.hl7.v26_1.0.0.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/.pmd.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/toolbarbutton.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/.pmd.i
data/dokumentation/images/befunde4.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/Messages.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IViewCursor.java.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/commons-logging-adapters-1.1.1.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/MSOffice97Filter.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/block1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/preferences/messages_en.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/leistungen1.png.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/httpcore-4.0.1.jar.d
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/ejb2.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/compress/HuffmanOutputStream.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/eclipse_1307.so.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/XChangeSelectDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTableCellRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/print.gif.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/Chunk.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/valuetexts_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/planned.ico.i
data/TestElexisWT/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/home.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/elexis-logo.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4197321.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/tick.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/hl7/universal/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/PageChannel.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/Import_4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTableRow.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/StringListFieldEditor.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/util/TimeInput.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/script_code.png.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/ResourceManager.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IOfficeApplication.java.i
data/noatext/lib/java_uno_accessbridge.jar.d
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/crypt/Test_symmetrical.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/search/ISearchDescriptor.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/patdetail.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/DefaultContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/axis.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/FileSelectorField.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/axis.jar.svn-base.d
data/ch.elexis/rsc/person.ico.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/BinConverter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/medelexis.xml.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/befunde.tex.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/matchers/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Artikel.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/AccessControl.java.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/doc/ch.elexis.privatrechnung.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaDefinitionen.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_5.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr6.png.i
data/elexis-updater/src/ch/elexis/update/Preferences.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/SelectorListener.java.i
data/TestElexisUI/.classpath.i
data/dokumentation/images/tour3.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KonsFilterDialog.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/RnFilterDialog.java.i
data/noatext/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/documentation francaise/images/rechnungsview.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/OfficeApplicationException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/TextRangeSelection.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ContactRefElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/commons-codec-1.3.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/messages.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/heute.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Logger.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/icons/sample.gif.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/wsdl4j.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/org/eclipse/wb/swt/SWTResourceManager.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/concepts/subtopic2.html.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/IFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Sticker.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OOPresentationToDrawFilter.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/elexisupdate.scpt.i
data/dokumentation/images/tour3.png.d
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090617183919381_10011095_.HL7.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/avalon-framework.NOTICE.TXT.i
data/dokumentation/elexis.texshop.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/POCD_MT000040.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/.project.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/schnittstelle/ITabelle.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/diskette.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/DiagnosenDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/EventListenerWrapper.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/ConsultationExport.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/saveperspektive.gif.i
data/documentation francaise/installs/macinst.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/rsc/greenbox.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/TICodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test.launch.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/.settings/org.eclipse.wst.validation.prefs.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/Compress/GLZOutputStream.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aerztekasse/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/PageService.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatListeContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/icons/lager.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/createTable.script.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/AbstractOfficeConfiguration.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/LimitSizeStack.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkException.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/text/DocumentIndex.java.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/rsc/vornamen.txt.i
data/elexis-omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/AbrechnungsPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/IXref.java.i
data/elexis-simpletext/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/ElexisEditor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/PhysioComparator.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/ExportiereBloeckeCommand.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/wizard.ico.i
data/doc_fr/images/customize1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/h2-1.3.163.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.h2.connector/h2-1.3.163.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/rsc/bestellen.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/coolbar/MandantSelectionContributionItem.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/konslisteview.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/rsc/redbox.ico.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings1.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ViewCursorService.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IOptifier.java.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/Shake.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_11.HL7.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AddElementToBlockDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/doc/fire1.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/reagensask.ico.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/ELW_1.HL7.i
data/documentation francaise/elexis.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/matchers/ConflictResolveDialog.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ITrustxCollection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090612083757287_10009977_.HL7.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/jnet.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4207398_Resultat_leer.hl7.i
data/elexis-kernel/.pmd.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/CBZip2InputStream.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/BBSView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/Arguments.java.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/Package.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCloneService.java.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/reference/felder.html.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/page_green.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/XInterfaceObjectSelection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/TarmedCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/config.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/doc/notestools.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/lib/commons-logging-1.0.4.jar.i
data/documentation francaise/images/data1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/ITerminateListener.java.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/juh.jar.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/views/AgendaGross.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/reagensask.ico.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/build.xml.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/elexis-connect-afinion.blg.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/FirstnameListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KonsZumVerrechnenWizardDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_19_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/icons/fire.png.i
data/ch.elexis_test/lib/cglib-nodep-2.2.jar.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/sichten/DamePerspektive.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/use1.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/crypt/JCEKeyManager.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/lib/cglib-nodep-2.2.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/medelexis.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/beans/PropertyKeysContainer.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Text.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/rfe2.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/LockFile.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellReference.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/runconfig2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/services/GlobalServiceDescriptors.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/frame/LayoutManager.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MesswertBase.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/openEHR/Composition.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/icons/ggruen.ico.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr12.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631505_6093_09_12100.HL7.i
data/.hgtags.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/BAGMediFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/AnhangGeraeteHandbuch.pdf.d
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/application/MissionControl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/doc/AnhangGeraeteHandbuch.pdf.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/doc/newmsg2.png.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPageStyle.java.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOPrefs.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MessungKonfiguration.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/ArtikelFactory.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/TextRangeSelection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/TarmedDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/AllTests.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/TerminLabel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/MsgDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/cache/IPersistentObjectCache.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/achtung.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.0.200.v20090519/eclipse_1206.dll.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/LaborleistungPrefs.java.i
data/elexis/schema/DataAccess.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/PhysioImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/.project.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615155951584_10010402_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/ZahlungsJournal.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_start_1.png.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/postgresql.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/document.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/plugins.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/personen.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/dokument.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IReason.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/KonsExtension.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.model/src/ch/elexis/core/model/CorePersistentObjectManager.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/kontakte_view.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631646_6008_09_12100.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings-agenda-druck1.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090612175904084_10009640_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung2.png.i
data/elexis-importer/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/doc/abb1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/KGImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/Medikament.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/money.png.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/fop.jar.d
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/ui/XChangeView.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/crypt/SAT.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/messages_de.properties.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/auftragsetikette.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Paragraph.java.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/build.properties.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/sample/listDetail.xml.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/javadoc.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableFormula.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/ICloseListener.java.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/wizard.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/rs232/SerialParameters.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/XChangeElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631615_6011_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/CommercialForm.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/wizard.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/TarmedDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedicalSelector.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/Importer.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/LeistungPerspektive.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/elexis.ini.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr26.png.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOPrinter.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_64_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexislogo2.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/use4.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Romandie/1_20100304171422343_0100217895_12005a.HL7.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_64_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.d
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableService.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/frau.ico.i
data/elexis/rsc/wizard.ico.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/elexis-mother.rb.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/rsc/pin_blue.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/PersistentObjectImpl.java.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/Messages.java.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/InitPackage.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/rechnung.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/agenda.xls.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/httpclient-4.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/elexis-grandma.rb.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/BefundePerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/log4j-1.2.4.jar.d
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/UpdateQuery.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_start_1.png.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/log4j-1.2.4.jar.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Analytica/01TEST5005.hl7.i
data/dokumentation/views/abrechnung.tex.i
data/jdomwrapper/build.xml.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/xpp3_min-1.1.3.4.O.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MathMLFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Xid.java.i
data/elexis-omnivore/build.xml.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/valuetexts.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/search/ISearchDescriptor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_12.HL7.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4207396_Mit_NTE.hl7.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/ch/ngiger/elexis/oddb_ch/model/OddbLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_19_.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/XidElement.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_12.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/patientdetail_view.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ETFTextPlugin.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/ch.elexis.icpc.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DayDateCombo.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/workbench/office/editor/core/EditorCorePlugin.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/MedicsActivator.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_8.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/PackageException.java.i
data/eaustria-utensil/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/BBSView.java.i
data/elexis-updater/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/gen_externe_dokumente.rb.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/commons-logging.NOTICE.txt.i
data/medshare-ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/Activator.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/KG_DATA.XML.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis48.gif.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/io/SysSettings.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Cursor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Preferences.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/preferences/WikiPreferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/DisplayTextDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/Interaction.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkSyntaxException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026173127015_LA10430257_MOLIS_12343.HL7.i
data/elexis-scripting-beanshell/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/Settings.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/plugin_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/BestellBlatt.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Mittelland/Unilabs_Mittelland_1.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/search/SearchDescriptor.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/OpenVPN_Setup_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/SimpleStructuredDocument-handling.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB.iml.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/AllTests.java.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/ridl.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/.pmd.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/DefaultOutputter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/FilterFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/BaseSelectQuery.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/net/NetTool.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/README.textile.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/commons-logging.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.core/.scala_dependencies.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_8.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/ODDBView.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/jta-1.1.jar.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/PocH100iData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/PhysioPrefs.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/labor2.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/data/Termin.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/vip.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/ebanking_ch/FilterKeyListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/fragment_perspectives_fr.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/clean.cmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MedicalElement.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/ACE.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/trustx.png.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/AllTests.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/config.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/rsc/lipsum.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/EnhancedTextField2.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Script.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv3.png.i
data/elexis-scripting/.project.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/DirectoriesHelper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/garant.xls.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DayMessage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_15.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/ComboFieldEditor.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/TarmedPrefs.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableColumn.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/DelayableJob.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/EMREntry.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/util/PatientIdFormatter.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/rsc/MDInvoiceRequest_400.xsd.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/crypt/Cryptologist.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aerztekasse/src/ch/elexis/importers/ImportAerztekasse.java.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/compress/TestCompress.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/MakeTableQuery.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/SDW30Filter.java.i
data/elexis/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/CRC.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/LocalOfficeConnectionGhost.java.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/views/JournalView.java.i
data/dokumentation/elexis-techdoc.tex.i
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/modern.png.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/db/Laborwert.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/undo.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/ISearchService.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/SysmexAction.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_9.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_11.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/Bild.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborleistungCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/patlistfilter.png.i
data/documentation francaise/datenschutz.tex.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/concepts/datenorg.html.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/MGD/MGD_2.HL7.i
data/Laborimport-HL7-Universal/doc/abb1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/HL7Parser.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/form/IFormService.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/messages_de.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings-agenda-druck2.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/src/ch/elexis/labortarif/ch2009/AllPluginTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KonsZumVerrechnenWizardDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/ActivateOfficeApplicationOperation.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/SoapConverter.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/compress/GLZOutputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/.project.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.2.R36x_v20101019_1345/eclipse_1310.so.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/readme.txt.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631771_6009_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KontaktSelektor.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.2.R36x_v20101019_1345/eclipse_1310.so.d
data/TestElexisUI/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/PatientenErfServerServiceLocator.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/BriefeImporter.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/AppendQuery.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextRange.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/.settings/org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/bold.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/readme.textile.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/log4j.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/RTFFilter.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Optifier.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_13.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_5.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/scm_workflow.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/MSOffice95Filter.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/sum.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/tick.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/personAdd.png.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/help_home.html.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/personok.ico.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/config/KonfigurationQuery.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/ArtikelFactory.java.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-utilities/doc/whatisit.textile.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/BestellBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/rsc/rsc/createDB.script.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/CoreAllTests.launch.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ITrustxCollection.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/menubar.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedikamentSelector.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ICharacterProperties.java.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/LaborDatenImport.exsd.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/Bakteriologiebefund.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/DecoratedStringChooser.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/CursorBuilder.java.i
data/dokumentation/appendix/vollversion.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/ErstelleRnnCommand.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_6.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_7.HL7.i
data/elexis-developer-resources_test/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/DocHandleFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/page_red.png.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_2.png.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/messages_en.properties.i
data/eaustria-utensil/tests/eaustria/utensil/xml/XmlTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/trustx.dll.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/LocalOfficeConnectionGhost.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/LocalOfficeApplication.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026173127031_LA10430054_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/fragment_perspectives_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/readme.html.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/invisiblerun.vbs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631615_5954_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-EMR-Printer/.classpath.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-codec-1.4-sources.jar.i
data/dokumentation/.project.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/events/ElexisEventDispatcher.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/samples/3000303800.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/build.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-jivex/plugin.xml.i
data/doc_fr/images/rechnungsfilter.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/NOAUIPluginImages.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_11.HL7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/kontexthilfe/globalactions/home.html.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/mann.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/PatientenListeControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/MFUList.java.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/.project.i
data/elexis/schema/ExchangeContribution.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/copy.gif.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/trustx.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_2_20090824115223734_2009082420691302_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_8.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/BriefExport.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/MSOffice60TemplateFilter.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026180127921_LA10430177_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/document/DefaultFilterProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ExternalLink.java.i
data/ch.medshare.base.external/.project.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/notizen.tex.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/CBZip2InputStream.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTableRow.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SimpleStructuredText.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_2_.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBConnectWizard.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xalan.NOTICE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/PrefAccessDenied.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615155951584_10010402_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/3000303802.hl7.d
data/ch.rgw.utility/lib/jdom.jar.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/lib/jdom.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/ICE_JNIRegistry.dll.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/3000303802.hl7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/SimpleWidgetProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/LabGroup.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/doc/pat_garanten.xls.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/TerminateListenerWrapper.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/printer.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/MessungTyp.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBImportSecondPage.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Romandie/1_20100304171422749_0100581335_12005b.HL7.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/AbstractData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/fehler.ico.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/plugin.xml.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MesswertTypData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/model/MedikamentLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableCellProperties.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/ZusammenfassungEntwicklung.doc.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/xstream-1.2.2.jar.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/readme.textile.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/xstream-1.2.2.jar.d
data/elexis/schema/FremdDatenImport.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextField.java.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/FindingsView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/TextView.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/CBZip2OutputStream.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_change_C1_1.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/icons/sample.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/acl/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/Messages.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux.x86_64/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_64_1.1.100.v20110505/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/leistung.png.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.aux.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/LockFile.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_14_.HL7.i
data/documentation francaise/konzepte.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/AUFZeugnis.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/Relationship.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf8.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/AbstractRichTextDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/DatabaseConnectionFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/messages.properties.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/Value.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/einf8.png.d
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_6.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/vip.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/notiz1.png.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/doc/hilotec-pluginstatistiken.tex.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631771_6162_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/icons/oblau.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MedicalElement.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/util/ch/elexis/developer/resources/util/PluginGenerator.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ContactElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/search/SearchDescriptor.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/URLAdapter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/Compress/HuffmanInputStream.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/mailsettings.png.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SimpleStructuredDocument.xsd.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/RemoteOfficeApplicationConfiguration.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Ablauf.java.i
data/elexis-simpletext/build.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-befunde/plugin.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/SAT.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/rsc/oddb.yaml.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/concepts/Anwender.html.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/refresh.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IActionDefinition.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/PreferencePage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/roche_logo.jpg.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/data/ArtikelFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/platzhalter/Platzhalter.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/person.ico.i
data/elexis/rsc/patneu.ico.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties_brummwin.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc6.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/patientetikette.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_04_Mikrobiologie1.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung12.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/IValueType.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/PersistentObjectConverter.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Part.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/.classpath.i
data/doc_fr/.project.i
data/noatext/lib/unoil.jar.i
data/elexis_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/trustx.dll.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/installation_openvpn_redhat.tex.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/Datensatz.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/local.properties.hudson_linux.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/IReminder.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/stdview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedicalDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/BrowserInputDialog.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/Value.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Kostentraeger.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/FileImportDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/Messages.java.i
data/TestElexisNonUI/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/Konst.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/ResponseAnalyzer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/unoil.jar.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4196571.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/unoil.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_22.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/sandbox.jar.i
data/documentation francaise/images/filterdialog.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/PhysioDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/spreadsheet/SpreadsheetDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/BriefePerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/artikel_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_1.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/frame/LayoutManager.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/elexis48.eps.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/doc/icpc8.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818200648496_2009081320690933_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MiGelSelector.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/desktop/IDesktopService.java.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/openEHR/Version.xsd.i
data/medshare-directories/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/CHANGES.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/RowFilter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/auf.png.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/LaboEinstellung.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/data1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborView.java.i
data/mysql-adapter/README.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450109_LA10430179_MOLIS_13022.HL7.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/elexis-core/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/icons/reflotron.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631911_6171_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/ImporterHost.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/gettingstarted/maintopic.html.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/doc/lisez-moi.textile.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_MimeTool.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/DataAccessor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatListeContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/PreferenceCostants.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/data2.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/messages_en.properties.i
data/doc_fr/images/grundkonfmand.png.i
data/elexis-utilities/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/Expand.java.i
data/elexis-notes/doc/elexis-notes.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/FormComponent.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice30TemplateFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/index_codes_ext.txt.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/TarmedImporter.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/images/numfield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Viollier/Viollier_2.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/BooleanField.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/EMRSample.xml.i
data/elexis-mail/build.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/patlistview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/tasks/maintopic.html.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-notes/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/.project.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DBUpdate.java.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/TICodeDetail.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2_test/HilotecMesswerteV2PluginTests.launch.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/document/SearchService.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung5.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_TextOhneKommentar.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/ErsterMandantDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/view/ISelection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/ProportionalSheet.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7Kostentraeger.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/TableLabelProvider.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/Interaction.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KontaktBlatt.java.i
data/elexis-notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/messages_de.properties.i
data/dokumentation/images/labor2.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090612175904084_10009640_.HL7.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/util/BriefLister.java.i
data/medshare-ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/BrowserView.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/analytica/Importer.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/dokument.gif.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/PatientenListeControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/befunde.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/concepts/datenorg.html.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/rsc/conflict.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/IObjectLink.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/commons-codec-1.5.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv3.png.i
data/Laborimport-LG1/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/ElexisEditor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_7.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/DBInfo.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/DocumentAdapter.java.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/DBLog.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/src/com/hilotec/elexis/pluginstatistiken/datenquellen/Core.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/ausrufezeichen.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Counter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/messages_en.properties.i
data/mysql-adapter/.pmd.i
data/dokumentation/elexis.prj.i
data/dokumentation/images/patlistfilter.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/actions/Activator.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/package.html.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigNL_C_testConfigNL_C_screenshot_0.png.d
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/personok.ico.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/xml-apis.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/TextField.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigNL_C_testConfigNL_C_screenshot_0.png.i
data/elexis-befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/xchange/BefundElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/PatientenErfClient.java.i
data/eaustria-utensil/src/eaustria/utensil/Zeit.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/bion_jurt-2.0.jar.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/data/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/.pmd.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/MessungFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/Compress/HuffmanTree.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ReplaceCallback.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Messages.java.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/rezept_view.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/messages_en.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/grundkonfmand1.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_6.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/Util.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/externe-dokumente.tex.i
data/dokumentation/images/mailsettings.png.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/DBObject.java.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/crypt/TestSAT.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/page_green.png.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/data/EigendiagnoseFactory.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/crypt/TestSat.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631630_6010_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ch/elexis/noa/NOAText.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/leistung.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/labor_view.png.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/icpc.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818144745288_2009081820690910_12005.HL7.i
data/medshare-ebm/doc/EBM-login.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KompendiumView.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigNL_C_testConfigNL_C_screenshot_1.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/book_open.png.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypEnum.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/BigIndex.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/wintest/ch.elexis.test.smoketest.ConfigNL_C_testConfigNL_C_screenshot_1.png.d
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-base-1.0.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/scripting/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/hapi-base-1.0.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/KonsListe.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/Messages.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Annotation.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/ical4j-1.0.1.jar.d
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/lib/hsqldb.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/perspectives/AbrechnungsPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/ical4j-1.0.1.jar.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/PreferencePage.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IParagraphPropertyStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/buch2.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/consult_view.png.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/medelexis.xml.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/AbacusJuniorAction.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/commons-lang-2.6.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.agenda/lib/commons-lang-2.6.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/viewers/BasicTreeContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis-core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/XML2Database.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099999105614234000_12388.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ETFDropReceiver.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz_test/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090615155951615_10010438_.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/page_red.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/auf_view.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/UserPreferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_2.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/web/IWebDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/ITextTableCellReferencesService.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/v5/openEHR/Archetype.xsd.i
data/postgresql-adapter/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/tafel.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_commit_2.png.i
data/TestElexisNonUI/src/ch/elexis/tests/AllTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRFile.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_commit_2.png.d
data/ch.elexis.agenda_test/.classpath.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Romandie/1_Kunde_20100304171422515_0100581529_.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/schema/LaborDatenImport.exsd.i
data/medshare-base-external/.project.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/ICD10.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/src/ch/elexis/icpc/fire/handlers/ExportFireHandler.java.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/testdaten/kx21_3.txt.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/.project.i
data/elexis-fire/src/ch/elexis/icpc/fire/handlers/Analyzer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Bookmark.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/CodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/plugin_de.properties.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/aerztekasseimporter.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatientDetailView.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/elexis_logo.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Messages.java.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/src/org/ekkescorner/logging/osgi/Activator.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/KonsListeView2.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr23.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv12.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/import.gif.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/AgendaWeek.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/rechnung_perspective.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/AbstractDataLoaderJob.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_16.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/KX-21N Interface.pdf.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/KX-21N Interface.pdf.d
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/LaborLeistung.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/Event.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_1.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatHeuteView.java.i
data/elexis/doc/javadoc.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/ausrufezeichen_rot.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ElexisBasicFeature/feature.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/xalan.runtime.LICENSE.txt.i
data/documentation francaise/images/befunde7.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/ReminderView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/scsu/Compress.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/bestell2.png.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/Var.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/DataAccessor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/src/ch/elexis/messages/MessageFactory.java.i
data/elexis/lib/commons-logging-1.1.jar.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/valuetexts.properties.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/rsc/RFE.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/OpenOfficeTemplateFilter.java.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/icons/sample.gif.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631740_6185_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/BAGMedi.java.i
data/elexis-ui/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ObjectFilterRegistry.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_19.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/LocalOfficeConnection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_15.HL7.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/httpclient-4.0.jar.d
data/Sgam-Exchange/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/doc/elexis-labortarif-ch2009.idx.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/plugin_en.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources_test/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/AllTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/arrow_next.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Verrechnet.java.i
data/elexis-mail/mail.jar.d
data/elexis-mail/mail.jar.i
data/documentation francaise/appendix/voraussetzungen.tex.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/agenda.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/banking/messages_fr.properties.i
data/medshare-base-external/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/medshare-directories/elexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/XIDHandler.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/xmlgraphics-commons-1.2.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_31.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung1.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/schloss_zu.png.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/Preferences.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTable.java.i
data/elexis-kernel/.project.i
data/documentation francaise/images/befunde6.png.i
data/elexis-fire/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/coreschemas/NarrativeBlock.xsd.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/.project.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/index_codes.txt.i
data/elexis-importer/rxtxSerial.dll.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/src/com/tiff/common/ui/datepicker/DatePickerCombo.java.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/ListeNachFaelligkeit.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/.project.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/Substance.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BAGMediLabelProvider.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/mail.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/mail.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/bioanalytica/Groups.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/SearchView.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/plugin.xml.i
data/doc_fr/multiuser.tex.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/tagMsgOrigin.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/patienten.xls.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/Preferences.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/avalon-framework-4.2.0.jar.i
data/TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLink.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/AbstractDocument.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/moveToLowerList.png.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/icons/directories_white_logo16.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/view/ISelection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/NamedBlob2.java.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/.project.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/GenericDocument.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/BookmarkService.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/IDestinationPosition.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/NativeView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/plugin.xml.i
data/eaustria-dame/tests/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/PDFExtrahierungstests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/fragment_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/icons/lager_on.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/group.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/web/IWebDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/.project.i
data/dokumentation/images/grundkonfmand2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/doc/config.png.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/FachinformationArzneimittel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableCellRangeCloneService.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextDocumentImage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/PersistenceService.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/icd10.png.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/index_codes_ext_genleg.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/build.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/LagerView.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_commit_2.png.d
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/util/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_02_Bild.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/coins.png.i
data/medshare-directories/entry.xml.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/icons/afinion_old.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_commit_2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/AccountView.java.i
data/dokumentation/tour/customize.tex.i
data/elexis-simpletext/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/ElexisTextPlugin.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Test_HL7_Tabellen_Darstellung .HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/PreferencePage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/build.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis48.png.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/covercard.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextDocumentImage.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/strings.plaf.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/RnStatus.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextCursor.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/FooterPart.java.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/kassenbuch/package.html.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/elexis-connect-reflotron.out.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv16.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/elexis-connect-sysmex.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/new_wiz.gif.i
data/dokumentation/konzepte.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/crypt/JCEKeyManager.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/DefaultViewIDs.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/rsc/medics32.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/deps/apache/commons-io/1.4/commons-io-1.4.jar.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkConcurrencyException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableColumn.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IGlobalTextDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/concepts/subtopic.html.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/CDSSGroup.java.i
data/mysql-adapter/docs/connector-j.pdf.d
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/CorrectGender.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_5.HL7.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypStr.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/SylkFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/TextListener.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf5.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/Log.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/ICloneDescriptionStack.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/src/ch/elexis/export/tools/NetTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/personen.png.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/new-box.gif.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/runtime/IOfficeProgressMonitor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/model/MedicalLoader.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/adressen.xls.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/RechnungsDrucker.java.i
data/eaustria-utensil/.classpath.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/3000303802.hl7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/XMLExporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Constants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/edit.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/3000303802.hl7.d
data/elexis-trustx-embed/com4j.jar.i
data/elexis-befunde/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/save.gif.i
data/doc_fr/images/settings-agenda-druck2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631724_5955_09_12100.HL7.i
data/elexis-agenda_test/.project.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/MesswertTypEnum.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/index_codes_ext_gen.txt.d
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/rsc/tarmeddetail.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/index_codes_ext_gen.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/PatientErfassenDialog.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/elexis48.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/export.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/KonsZumVerrechnenView2.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Leistungscodes.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/stethoskop.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DatabaseCleaner.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/agenda.tex.i
data/dokumentation/images/settings-agenda-druck1.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/doc/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg.tex.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/filter.gif.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Value.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/search/ResultMatchWalker.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis-tools/.project.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/bildanzeige.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/.project.i
data/doc_fr/images/labor4.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/RisksElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631818_6202_09_12346.HL7.i
data/medshare-base-external/commons-logging-api-1.1.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/text/model/Test_SimpleStructuredDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/NeuerFallDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/DocumentListenerWrapper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631646_6037_09_12100.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.Textplugin/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/util/MatchPatientToPath.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/TagesgrenzenDialog.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/IValueType.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825112933275_2009082520691306_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/page_copy.png.i
data/doc_fr/elexis-scripting.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631552_5882_09_12100.HL7.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/buch.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/CrossTabQuery.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/messages_de.properties.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/views/MessungenUebersicht.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/filter.gif.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Preferences.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Artikel.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/mysql-connector-java.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/messages_en.properties.i
data/dokumentation/FallFelder.odt.d
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/plugin.xml.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/graphic/GraphicInfo.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/MFUList.java.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/mysql-connector-java.jar.i
data/dokumentation/FallFelder.odt.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_Artikel.java.i
data/elexis/platzhalter/test.txt.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/DocumentDescriptor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborOrderPulldownMenuCreator.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/MedicationElement.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/add.gif.i
data/elexis/rsc/vip.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/DataInterchangeFilter.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/images/datefield.png.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/TagesNachricht.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/LeistungenExport.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/OrderImportDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_19.HL7.i
data/elexis-iatrix/icons/applications-internet.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/filter.gif.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/KonsExtension.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/SpinnerField.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/ICodeElement.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/IPropertyDescriptionElement.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_commit_3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/samples/Bakteriologiebefund_TX.hl7.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/src/oowrapper3/TextContainer.java.i
data/eaustria-basis/tests/eaustria/basis/daten/TransienterPatientTests.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/1_1_0810099996105611836000_12388.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/home.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/form/IFormComponent.java.i
data/elexis-importer/javax.comm.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/.project.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/achtung.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_10.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/arrow_next.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/minus.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/achtung.png.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/DetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/Images.java.i
data/dokumentation/plugins/externe-dokumente.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/.project.i
data/documentation francaise/standardplugins.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTable.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/rechnungen.ico.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/perspectives/LeistungPerspektive.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/etikette2.png.i
data/ChangeLog.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Mailer.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Transaction.java.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/fop-wrapper/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/views/Leistungsselektor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test/src/ch/elexis/core/databinding/Test_observables.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkResourceException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/java_uno.jar.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/doc/beispieldaten.csv.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ElexisText.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KontaktExtDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/TeamW/LTWE.YA51130530.hl7.i
data/eaustria-dame/liesmich.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/import.gif.i
data/doc_fr/tour/patneu.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/frame/IFrameProvider.java.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/src/ch/medshare/ebm/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/RechnungsDrucker.java.i
data/elexis-omnivore/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/empty.mdb.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Optifier.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/tour3.png.d
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/testenv4.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestSoapConverter.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/tour3.png.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/labimport/PatientLabor.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/kons_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/open.gif.i
data/elexis/rsc/arztkoffer.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_24.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentWriter.java.i
data/elexis-diagnosecodes-schweiz/plugin_en.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/export.ico.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/TemplatePrintView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung2/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/admin/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/medelexis.xml.i
data/eaustria-basis/tests/eaustria/basis/hilfs/Fortschritttests.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825112933275_2009082520691306_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KompendiumView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/IMarkup.java.i
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/.classpath.i
data/oowrapper3-noa4e/src/oowrapper3/View.java.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRView2.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/ScriptEditor.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/TextView.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf0.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf0.png.d
data/doc_fr/images/showviewdialog.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/medelexis.xml.i
data/medshare-directories/sample/oneEntry.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/platzhalter/Kategorie.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/SampleDataType.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/data/Termin.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/medics/views/MedicsBrowserView.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/build/build.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/ScannerPref.java.i
data/OOwrapper/src/com/sun/star/comp/beans/LocalOfficeConnection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/MedicsPreferencePage.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/AnschriftListeView.java.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/einleitung.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/AfinionConnection.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/messages.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/DocumentModifyListenerWrapper.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/delete.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_5.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/ApplicationActionBarAdvisor.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xmlgraphics-commons.LICENSE.txt.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/home.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/model/SSDRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/RezepteView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ViewCursor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_2_20090821153611913_2009082120690905_12005.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/internal/ui/preferences/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_17_.HL7.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/_ITrustxEvents.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/src/ch/ct/patientenerfassung/client/.svn/text-base/PatientenErfServer.java.svn-base.i
data/documentation francaise/images/settings5.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/patientetikette.ico.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.gtk.linux.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.SF.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/personGrey.png.i
data/elexis-importer/poi-3.6-20091214.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/package.html.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/TarmedImporter.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/SerialConnectionException.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/package.html.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/TreeToStringConverter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/perspectives/ReminderPerspektive.java.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/unoil.jar.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/unoil.jar.d
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/doc/transmissionerror.jpg.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/connection/AbstractOfficeConnection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/RechnungsDrucker.java.i
data/dokumentation/mitmachen.tex.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/egit_push_1.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/ColumnHeader.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/.classpath.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/DetailDisplay.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/verb1.png.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_29.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis_test/lib/javassist-3.13.0-GA.jar.i
data/dokumentation/images/problemliste2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/FlatDataLoader.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/build.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/box_label.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/ImporterPage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/ComplexValueForeignKey.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/lib/javassist-3.13.0-GA.jar.d
data/mysql-adapter/docs/connector-j.html.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/info_eng.textile.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/elexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/messages_fr.properties.i
data/mysql-adapter/docs/connector-j.html.d
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/JavaFormattedNumber.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/messages.properties.i
data/dokumentation/infos/update14/tarmeddetail1.png.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/commons-io-1.4.jar.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/rs232/Receiver.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/RnSucheDialog.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/xercesImpl.jar.svn-base.d
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/text-base/xercesImpl.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/tarmedprefs/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/GenericDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextCursor.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IDocumentListener.java.i
data/postgresql-adapter/info.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/missed.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.core.databinding_test/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/DauerMediView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/XChangeException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/data/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/src/ch/elexis/befunde/EditFindingDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/Compress/HuffmanOutputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/EigenartikelDetailDisplay.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.1.0.v20100503/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/data/Labor2009Factory.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/IElementDisposedListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis_test/rsc/old/dummy.txt.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/StatusLine.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_2.HL7.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/ch/sgam/informatics/exchange/KeyRequester.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/PackageException.java.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/messages_en.properties.i
data/doc_fr/infos/update14/fixmedi3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_8.HL7.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/bioanalytica/Groups.java.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/ExchangeContributor.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/MedicsPreferencePage.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/Activator.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/Shortcuts_Linux.xml.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/ExHandler.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/rsc/medics32.png.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/diagnosecodes_schweiz/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/KontaktEntry.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/build.properties.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Script.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/rechnung_perspective.png.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/views/MedikamentDetailBlatt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/UnsupportedColumnInfo.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/patlistfilter2.png.i
data/elexis-importer-keycab/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/IElexisEventDispatcher.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PlatformHelper.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/documents_stack.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/arztrechnung1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/toolbar.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IScannerListener.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KontaktDetailView.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/stoppuhr.ico.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026173127015_LA10430257_MOLIS_12343.HL7.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/RFEView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/rsc/blackbox.ico.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/Patientenblatt2.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis-logo.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rischbern/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/RischBern/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090824131824665_2009082420691304_12005.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTable.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/medelexis.xml.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/gettingstarted/install.html.i
data/elexis-artikel-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/CodeDetailView.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090817122334923_2009081720690886_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis/schema/LaborOrder.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Query.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/KontaktImporterDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/LabElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/tick.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_12.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentService.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/documentation francaise/images/tour3.png.i
data/ch.medshare.ebm/plugin.xml.i
data/eaustria-utensil/tests/LIESMICH.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableRow.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/messages_fr.properties.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/tocsamples.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/src/ch/elexis/storage/fakedb/PersistentObjectFactory.scala.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Value.java.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/whatisit.textile.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/DiagnosenView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/connection/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/LaborView.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/tests/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/HL7Textbefundextrahierungstests.java.i
data/doc_fr/elexis.tex.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/OfficeApplicationRuntime.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/lib/commons-codec.jar.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/lib/hapi-structures-v26-1.1.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/CharacterProperties.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/cacerts.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FallListeView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/TICode.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/egit_import_2.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/Rechnungslauf.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_14.HL7.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/Extrahierungsstrategiebasis.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/ReminderView.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/BinConverter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LaborblattView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/event/CloseEvent.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/build.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/widgets/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.TestElexisUI/src/ch/elexis/uitests/laborImport/TestAnalytica.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/RnPrintView.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/EigenartikelSelektor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.ebanking_ch/src/ch/elexis/ebanking_ch/ESRContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/TextView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/IDocumentIndexService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_KX21_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/search/ISearchResult.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/html/gettingstarted/modular.html.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/elexis-utilities_test.eml.i
data/ch.elexis.eigendiagnosen/doc/beispiel.ods.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/SettingsPreferenceStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/src/ch/elexis/artikel_at/data/Artikel_AT_Cache.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/medelexis.xml.i
data/documentation francaise/images/agendaanpassen.png.i
data/elexis-agenda/icons/labor.ico.i
data/elexis-switzerland/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.bioanalytica/.pmd.i
data/jdomwrapper/README.txt.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/BitOutputStream.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/PhysioDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBImportSecondPage.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/MesswertTypDate.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/PersistentObject.java.d
data/dokumentation/images/konsv.png.d
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/doc/anleitung.tex.sav.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/text/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/PatientenListeControlFieldProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/week/AgendaWeek.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/PersistentObject.java.i
data/elexis/lib/jdom.jar.d
data/elexis-core/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/dokumentation/images/konsv.png.i
data/BuildElexis/build.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/net/NetTool.java.i
data/eaustria-utensil/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/util/TimeInput.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/UtilException.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/jaxrpc.jar.svn-base.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.keycab/lib/jackcess-1.2.0.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis48.gif.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/IGenderService.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/data/ArzttarifFactory.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/sw-guidelines.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.keycab/lib/jackcess-1.2.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/plugin.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/RangeHandlerImpl.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/messages_fr.properties.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/CorePersistentObjectManager.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/Probe.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/patient.ini.i
data/documentation francaise/images/xc1.png.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/src/com/valhalla/misc/GnuPG.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/CHANGELOG.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/avalon-framework.NOTICE.TXT.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/ReminderPerspektive.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/VerrDetailDialog.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/PatientenListeView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/EditAUFDialog.java.i
data/documentation francaise/plugins/omnivore.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/src/ch/elexis/buchhaltung/model/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-developer-resources_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/plugin.xml.i
data/doc_fr/images/kontaktlistview.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/LeistungenView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.docmanager.omnivore/src/ch/elexis/omnivore/views/FileImportDialog.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/compiletime.txt.i
data/elexis-importer/src/ch/elexis/importers/HL7Parser.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/3000303801.hl7.d
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/3000303801.hl7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ListLoader.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/doc/elexis-privatrechnung.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/BriefAuswahl.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026154450093_LA10430154_MOLIS_13412.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090613115014677_10009692_.HL7.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/Argument.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/search/ISearchResult.java.i
data/elexis/elexis-MacOSX.product.i
data/elexis-notes/doc/find.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/DocumentSelectDialog.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/IcpcFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/LG1/messages_en.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/KonsFilter.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/minus.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.aeskulap/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableColumn.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.feature/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.core.perspectives/fragment_perspectives.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/ExchangeException.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/data/LaborleistungImporter.java.i
data/OOwrapper/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-iatrix/rsc/new_konsultation.ico.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/ausrufezeichen_rot.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextFieldService.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/anschrifteingabe.png.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/data/ProblemFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/LeistungenView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/SelectFallNoObligationDialog.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/AnalysesElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/EigenartikelSelector.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090612083757287_10009977_.HL7.i
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/banking/ESRRecord.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/compress/HuffmanTree.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/.project.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/html/tasks/maintopic.html.i
data/dokumentation/images/verbindung14.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/arztrechnung2.png.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv16.png.i
data/elexis-simpletext/icons/copy.gif.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/BAGOptifier.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/acl/package.html.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/textsystem/KategorieProperties.java.i
data/mysql-adapter/EXCEPTIONS-CONNECTOR-J.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/text/ITextRangeSelection.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/views/TarmedCodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/MediVerlaufView.java.i
data/elexis-updater/src/ch/elexis/update/ReplaceJob.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/AssignStickerDialog.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/desktop/DesktopException.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/batik.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/StarOffice30Filter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/data/LaborLeistung.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.0.200.v20090519/META-INF/eclipse.inf.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/MedicsPreferencePage.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/Zeitvorgaben.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.core.test.feature/feature.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/paket.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/DefaultRenderer.java.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/commands/FallPlaneRechnung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc.fire/rsc/beispiel.xsd.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/elexis.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/tarmedprefs/PhysioPrefs.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BAGMediSelector.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_labtop/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/labtop/messages_fr.properties.i
data/doc_fr/konzepte.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Prescription.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/kons_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/sw-guidelines.textile.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/page_go.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/box_label.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/RTModifyListener.java.i
data/noatext/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/CHANGELOG.txt.i
data/ch.ngiger.utilities.comm/lib/httpclient-4.0.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_teamw/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/LazyTreeLoader.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/import3.png.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.core.views/fragment_fr.properties.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/add.gif.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/crypt/Base64Coder.java.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/whatisit.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/src/ch/elexis/connect/sysmex/packages/valuetexts_pocH_fr.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/src/ch/elexis/labortarif2009/ui/Labor2009CodeTextValidFilter.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/messwert.jpg.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellPropertyStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/TextEncFilter.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/liesmich_demo.txt.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/HB_und_Harn_Punkt.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/messages_en.properties.i
data/medshare-ebm/doc/EBM-Plugin.odt.d
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/MessungFactory.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/tests/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/EdifactExtrahierungstests.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/paket.png.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/extrahierung/ExtrahierteNachricht.java.i
data/elexis/schema/KonsExtension.exsd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/lab_new.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/PageTypes.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/BackgroundJob.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/drucker.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/src/ch/elexis/views/TICodeDetail.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Chapter.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Bestellung.java.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/doc/ElexisMedicsConnector.docx.d
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/samples/4207396_2.hl7.i
data/documentation francaise/images/use5.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/event/ITerminateEvent.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/config.jpg.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/messages.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/ViewCursorService.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Eigenleistung.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/.classpath.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/order/LabOrderAction.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/laborlink/LaborLink.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/AbstractData.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/toolbar.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/auf.ico.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/freemarker-2.3.15.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/8_em_pencil.png.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/compress/CompEx.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ServiceBlocksElement.java.i
data/elexis-importer-aerztekasse/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv15.png.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/MGD/MGD_1.HL7.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Labtop/1_20101026173127031_LA10430267_MOLIS_12387.HL7.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/lib/log4j-over-slf4j-1.6.1.jar.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypCalc.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/extended/ETextTableRow.java.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/AddLinkDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/AddMenuToKompendium.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/Log.java.i
data/elexis-icpc/.project.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/JdbcLinkConcurrencyException.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/application/IOfficeApplication.java.i
data/eaustria-basis/src/eaustria/basis/hilfs/Fortschritt.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core_test/rsc/nachnamen.txt.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/nachnamen.txt.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/valuetexts_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/VersionedResource.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/Stickers.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/VerrechenbarAdapter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/FaelleView.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/basket.png.i
data/Laborimport-labtop/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/doc/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2.tex.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/3000303800.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/internal/text/Annotation.java.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/src/ch/rgw/oowrapper/OOPrinter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/IVerrechenbar.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/doc/afinion_logo.jpg.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xalan.NOTICE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/LabNotSeenView.java.i
data/TestElexisWT/doc/run_3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.diagnosecodes_ch/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/connected.jpg.i
data/elexis-importer-aeskulap/src/ch/elexis/importer/aeskulap/KGImporter.java.i
data/elexis-notes/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/testenv14.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/VerrechnungsDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/abr15.png.i
data/ch.elexis.befunde/plugin_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/beans/PropertyKeysContainer.java.i
data/ch.elexis_test/lib/objenesis-1.2.jar.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch_test/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/windows/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.win32.win32.x86_1.0.200.v20090519/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/Resultat_2.png.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KontaktDetailView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_rothen/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/ui/LaborleistungDetailDisplay.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/views/Leistungsselektor.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/ISearchableDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTablePropertyStore.java.i
data/elexis-agenda/.classpath.i
data/medshare-directories/src/ch/medshare/elexis/directories/views/WeisseSeitenSearchForm.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/doc/rfe3.png.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/elexis-connect-afinion.aux.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/batik-all-1.6.jar.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/arrow_next.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr25.png.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_PersistentObject.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090821133210972_2009082120690907_12005.HL7.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/Messages.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/batik-all-1.6.jar.d
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/RnSucheDialog.java.i
data/elexis/lib/ehcache.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.archie.buchhaltung.basis/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/IndexBuilder.java.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/src/util/DateTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextFieldService.java.i
data/eaustria-utensil/src/eaustria/utensil/AdHocDecoder.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/ICodeSelectorTarget.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis.core.feature/feature.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/ui/BaseView.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/IDocument.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Person.java.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/NotizInputDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/rsc/empty.odt.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/page_lightning.png.i
data/doc_fr/images/etikette3.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/SamplePreferencePage.java.i
data/elexis-importer/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/data/BAGMediImporter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/doc/liste1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/valuetexts_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_1.png.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/medelexis.xml.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/doc/images/Resultat_2.png.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/.project.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/settings.ini.i
data/dokumentation/images/befunde6.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/labor1.png.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/StringData.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/.project.i
data/elexis-utilities_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/Test_Timetool.java.i
data/elexis-labortarif-ch2009/plugin_en.properties.i
data/elexis-ui/build.properties.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/.classpath.i
data/elexis_trustx_embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/tagMsgOrigin.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7LaborItem.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/KontaktDetailDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/CodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Mailbox.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/document.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/DokumentKategorie.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/views/MessungenUebersicht.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/importers/dialog/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/labimport/PatientLabor.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/document_text.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/.project.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/tools/FuzzyMatcher.java.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/lib/serializer.NOTICE.txt.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/doc/developer/overview.jpg.i
data/doc_fr/images/rechnungsautomatik.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/frame/IDispatchDelegate.java.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/doc/developer/overview.jpg.d
data/dokumentation/images/importdlg.png.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/GenericType.java.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_schweiz/messages_fr.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_13.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/rsc/arztpraxen.xls.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.ilg.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Rothen/1_Kunde_20090612083757162_10009977_.HL7.i
data/elexis-bildanzeige/src/ch/elexis/images/messages.properties.i
data/ch.medshare.elexis_directories/sample/list.xml.i
data/elexis-utilities/lib/slf4j-jdk14-1.6.1.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/application/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_Leistungsblock.java.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/dialogs/MoveIntoSubDirsDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/ReflotronSprintAction.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr10.png.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/ResultElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/CorrectGender.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/import.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/v26/HL7Constants.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.afinion/src/ch/elexis/connect/afinion/packages/Value.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/schloss_zu.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextDocument.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_4.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.konsview.default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/HistoryDisplay2.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/IDiagnose.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/doc/transmissionerror.jpg.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/elexis-privatnotizen/src/ch/elexis/privatnotizen/messages.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources_test/.classpath.i
data/elexis-notes/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/.pmd.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/.svn/prop-base/jnet.jar.svn-base.i
data/elexis-simpletext/src/ch/elexis/textplugin/TextBox.java.i
data/doc_fr/appendix/voraussetzungen.tex.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Brief.java.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/au/com/bytecode/opencsv/CSVWriter.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/IChunk.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090819181957133_2009081920690880_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/stethoskop.gif.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Konsultation.java.i
data/ch.elexis/doc/script-show.textile.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/axis-shield_logo.jpg.i
data/iatrix-help-wiki/src/org/iatrix/help/wiki/Constants.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090818143945101_2009081820690915_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/Messages.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/rechnungsview.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/delete.gif.i
data/dokumentation/installs/windowsinst.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/messages_fr.properties.i
data/documentation francaise/images/bestell1.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/elexis32.gif.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_push_3.png.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/arzttarife_ch/TarmedRechnung/TarmedACL.java.i
data/fop-wrapper/lib/xerces.LICENSE.txt.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/arrow_prev.png.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/rsc/redbox.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextComponent.java.i
data/elexis-connect-abxmicros/build.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/AbstractTextComponent.java.i
data/dokumentation/elexis-scripting.tex.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/src/elexis_db_shaker/actions/Namen.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-bioanalytica/.settings/org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.prefs.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/mvel2-2.0.17.jar.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.mysql.connector/mysql-connector-java-5.1.6-bin.jar.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/mvel2-2.0.17.jar.d
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/messages_fr.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/lizenz.txt.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/script_code.png.i
data/dokumentation/images/einf3.png.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4196571.hl7.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung2/doc/beispieldaten.ods.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/XMLTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/.pmd.i
data/dokumentation/images/verb1.png.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/VerifierDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/tocsamples.xml.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_8.HL7.i
data/elexis/rsc/refresh.png.i
data/ch.elexis.fop_wrapper/build.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/IStyle.java.i
data/elexis-privatrechnung/src/ch/elexis/privatrechnung/views/Leistungsdetail.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/labor_view.ico.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/src/ch/elexis/eigendiagnosen/views/CodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/HL7Constants.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ReplacementErrorHandler.java.i
data/elexis-mail/src/ch/elexis/mail/Mailbox.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/icons/gruen.png.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_11.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Zahlung.java.i
data/Laborimport-Risch-Bern/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/rechnungen.ico.i
data/elexis/mysql-connector.jar.d
data/elexis-fire/doc/elexis-fire.tex.i
data/Sgam-Exchange/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/GeneralIndexCodes.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/icons/balloon__arrow.png.i
data/jdomwrapper/.classpath.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/.classpath.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/util/JavaNumberFormat.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/KontaktMatcher.java.i
data/elexis-exporter-hl7V26/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis-agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/elexis-mac.icns.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.jivex/src/ch/elexis/connect/jivex/JiveXView.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/rechnungsfilter.png.i
data/elexis-iatrix/src/org/iatrix/dialogs/ProblemErfassenDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/dayview.png.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/MesswertTypData.java.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatientDetailView2.java.i
data/elexis-kassenbuch/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/eaustria-basis/src/eaustria/basis/Aktivierer.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Schaan/LMZRisch_Schaan_6_.HL7.i
data/elexis-artikel-oesterreich/doc/developer/DeveloperDocumentation.textile.i
data/elexis-trustx-embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/package.html.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/LabResult.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/elexis.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung4.png.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/Annotation.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/jnet.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableCellProperties.java.i
data/Elexis-Hilfe/.project.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/SO30PresentationToDraw.java.i
data/hilotec-messwerte/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/data/typen/IMesswertTyp.java.i
data/elexis-laborimport-medics/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/EncapsulatedData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/rechnung/messages.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/cda/coreschemas/voc.xsd.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/elexis.app/Contents/MacOS/elexis.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/wizards/application/LocalApplicationWizard.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631818_6202_09_12346.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-eigendiagnosen/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/PreferencePage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631849_7981_09_12866.HL7.i
data/Laborimport-Rothen/src/ch/elexis/laborimport/Rothen/Importer.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/ICloneServiceProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.bildanzeige/medelexis.xml.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/src/com/hilotec/elexis/messwerte/v2/data/typen/MesswertTypBool.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/FormService.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.hl7.allg/.project.i
data/com.hilotec.elexis.messwerte.v2/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/Bestellung.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-mail/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport_lg1/.pmd.i
data/doc_fr/images/notiz1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.traits/src/ch/elexis/core/traits/CustomerTrait.scala.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/clone/CloneDescriptionStack.java.i
data/org.iatrix.help.wiki/icons/help.gif.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/SidebarPreferences.java.i
data/ch.elexis.agenda/src/ch/elexis/agenda/preferences/AgendaImages.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/ETFTextPlugin.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/elexis_hg_6.png.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/src/ch/elexis/medikamente/bag/views/BagMediContentProvider.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/Arnaboldi/1_20090729162631818_6184_09_12346.HL7.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/messages.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/util/PropertyCollection.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/document/IPersistenceService.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/bbs_perspective.jpg.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/mail.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/patientetikette.png.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextFieldMaster.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/PSWFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis.medikamente.bag/icons/ggruen_on.png.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/TempPageHolder.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/ChoiceDialog.java.i
data/elexis-connect-reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/messages.properties.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/build.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/LazyContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/tools/StringTool.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/RnSucheDialog.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/ActiveAgent.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/fixmediview.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/moveToLowerList.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/text/IXref.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/RnSucheDialog.java.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/diskette.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Romandie/1_20100304171422749_0100581335_12005b.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/wizards/DBConnectFirstPage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/ObservationMessage.java.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/web.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ColumnMatcher.java.i
data/mysql-adapter/medelexis.xml.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DefaultContentProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis.support.dbshaker/.pmd.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/cache/SoftCache.java.i
data/elexis-db-shaker/vornamen.txt.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/plugin_de.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/ITextTableCellName.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/elexislogo48.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/complex/VersionHistoryColumnInfo.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/block1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_Pathologie/Unilabs_Pathologie_4.HL7.i
data/dokumentation/images/konsview.png.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/src/ch/elexis/labor/medics/MedicsActivator.java.i
data/elexis-tools/javadoc/mkdoc.cmd.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/src/ch/elexis/trustx/ITrustx.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Indication.java.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente_test/src/ch/elexis/externe_dokumente/AllTests.java.i
data/elexis-developer-resources_test/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis/rsc/rezept.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/messages_de.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/arrow_next.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/SWTHelper.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/form/messages_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/LabGroup.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/ISearchableDocument.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_9.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/inputs/PasswordFieldEditor.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/TextException.java.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/PersistentReference.exsd.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.arzttarife_ch/rsc/RFE.ico.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/document/IFilterProvider.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/icd.ico.i
data/medshare-directories/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis-standalone-hl7export/output/hl7export-20110509.jar.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/PatListFilterBox.java.i
data/doc_fr/images/notizen2.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/LICENSE_de.rtf.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/src/ch/elexis/selectors/messages_en.properties.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/3000303801.hl7.i
data/doc_fr/images/import2.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/TextTableCellName.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/frau.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/presentation/PresentationDocument.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/3000303801.hl7.d
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/plugins/org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.carbon.macosx_1.0.200.v20090520-1835/META-INF/ECLIPSEF.RSA.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/kabel.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/matchers/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/kontakte_view.png.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/xercesImpl-2.6.2.jar.d
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/xercesImpl-2.6.2.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/calendar_view_day.png.i
data/ch.rgw.OOWrapper/src/com/sun/star/comp/beans/LocalOfficeConnection.java.i
data/elexis-importer-praxistar/doc/anleitung.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples-export/1_08052011_TextOhneKommentar.hl7.i
data/Laborimport-Analytica/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/RnStatus.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/ErrorHandler.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/XChangeException.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/src/ch/elexis/TarmedRechnung/TarmedACL.java.i
data/ngiger-utilities-comm/lib/commons-beanutils-1.8.0.jar.i
data/ch.elexis.storage.fakeDB/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/mail.png.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/ODPresentationToDrawFilter.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/fallkonsview.png.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/ridl.jar.d
data/org.ekkescorner.logging.osgi/src/org/ekkescorner/logging/osgi/LogServiceUtil.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/build.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/platzhalter.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LMZ Risch Bern/LMZRisch_Bern_4.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/view/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/doc/images/FTP-Test.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/EMREntry.xsd.i
data/ch.elexis.elexis_help/tocconcepts.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/filter/ODTFilter.java.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/src/org/oddb/ch/Sequence.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/LICENSE_fr.rtf.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/text/table/TextTableCellPropertyStore.java.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron.v2/doc/kabel.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_20.HL7.i
data/elexis-developer-resources/doc/images/hg_clone_1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/whatisit.textile.i
data/Laborimport-TeamW/plugin.xml.i
data/ch.ngiger.elexis.oddb_ch/medelexis.xml.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/rezept_view.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/rgw/IO/Resource.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/src/ch/elexis/developer/resources/model/SampleDataType.java.i
data/Laborimport-RischBern/.classpath.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/AUF.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/achtung.ico.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4207398.hl7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div/src/ch/elexis/rs232/PortEventListener.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/filter.gif.i
data/ch.elexis.trustx.embed/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/data/ISelectable.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_13.HL7.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/EigenartikelDisplay.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/actions/KontaktLoader.java.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/ch/rgw/tools/LazyTree.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility/src/ch/rgw/io/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/EditReminderDialog.java.i
data/hilotec-pluginstatistiken/.classpath.i
data/elexis-utilities/src/org/apache/commons/compress/bzip2/CRC.java.i
data/elexis-nachrichten/src/ch/elexis/messages/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/text/TextSaveDaemon.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Bioanalytica/1_20110523114411349_11-00000203M_12388.HL7.i
data/Laborimport-Viollier/JMedTransferO.jar.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/images/documentmanager1.png.i
data/ch.elexis.eigenartikel/src/ch/elexis/eigenartikel/Messages.java.i
data/ch.elexis.buchhaltung.basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.ilg.i
data/ch.elexis.core/src/ch/elexis/core/data/ISelectable.java.i
data/elexis-arzttarife-schweiz/doc/abr24.png.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_16.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/Messages.java.i
data/medshare-directories/sample/list.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa4e/ui/operations/messages_de.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/extended/IETextTableCellRange.java.i
data/elexis-hl7-v26/rsc/samples import/4207396_Resultat_mit_Punkt.hl7.i
data/elexis-laborimporter-medics/doc/ElexisMedicsConnector.docx.i
data/ch.elexis/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs Zurich/Unilabs_Zurich_4.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/LG1/LG1_20.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.labortarif.ch2009/plugin_en.properties.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/IKMI-IKCH/IKMI_06_bHCG.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.externe_dokumente/src/ch/elexis/extdoc/util/FileFilters.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/PocketOfficeFilter.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/verst.gif.i
data/OOwrapper/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/messages_en.properties.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/internal/document/DocumentDescriptorTransformer.java.i
data/doc_fr/plugins/externe-dokumente.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_32.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/rsc/samples import/4195646.hl7.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/.pmd.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/RezeptBlatt.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/util/DecoratedString.java.i
data/noatext/src/ag/ion/bion/officelayer/text/table/IArgument.java.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/codesystems/CodeSelectorFactory.java.i
data/ch.elexis.laborimport.analytica/plugin_it.properties.i
data/ch.elexis.notes/src/ch/elexis/notes/Messages.java.i
data/dokumentation/html.cmd.i
data/ch.elexis/schema/RezeptHook.exsd.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/commons-lang-2.4.jar.i
data/at.medevit.smooks.libs/commons-lang-2.4.jar.d
data/elexis-privatrechnung/doc/privatrechnung6.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/CountArticles.java.i
data/elexis-connect-afinion/doc/afinion_device.jpg.i
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/data/HL7LaborWert.java.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/macosx/elexis.app/Contents/Resources/elexis-mac.icns.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/KontakteView.java.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_at/doc/developer/DeveloperDocumentation.textile.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/KontaktSelektor.java.i
data/documentation francaise/images/use3.png.i
data/elexis-konsview-default/src/ch/elexis/konsview/messages.properties.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.i
data/documentation francaise/infos/update14/fixmedi3.png.i
data/BuildElexis/rsc/linux/plugins/org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86_3.7.0.v3735b.jar.d
data/elexis-ebanking-schweiz/.classpath.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/OrderImportDialog.java.i
data/elexis-importer_test/rsc/UHBS_alt/1_1_20090825160636979_2009082520691315_12005.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.reflotron/src/ch/elexis/connect/reflotron/packages/messages.properties.i
data/elexis-scripting-beanshell/src/ch/elexis/scripting/beanshell/Interpreter.java.i
data/ch.rgw.utility_test/src/ch/rgw/tools/TestGenericRange.java.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/lib/ridl.jar.d
data/ch.elexis/rsc/mann.ico.i
data/eaustria-dame/src/eaustria/dame/modell/DameDokumentfabrik.java.i
data/ch.elexis.postgresql.connector/.pmd.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/KX-21N Interface.pdf.d
data/ch.elexis.hl7.v26/src/ch/elexis/hl7/model/EncapsulatedData.java.i
data/ch.elexis.messages/doc/elexis-nachrichten.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.developer.resources/doc/testenv5.png.i
data/elexis-connect-sysmex/doc/KX-21N Interface.pdf.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/doc/elexis-buchhaltung-basis.idx.i
data/ch.elexis.artikel_ch/src/ch/elexis/artikel_ch/views/MedikamentDetailDisplay.java.i
data/ch.elexis.privatrechnung2/.pmd.i
data/elexis-externe-dokumente/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.elexis.noatext/src/ag/ion/noa/filter/ODPresentationToDrawFilter.java.i
data/elexis-regiomed-estudio/lib/servlet.jar.i
data/ch.medshare.connect.abacusjunior/src/ch/medshare/connect/abacusjunior/packages/Messages.java.i
data/eaustria-dame/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/ch.rgw.oowrapper/jurt.jar.i
data/elexis-icpc/src/ch/elexis/icpc/Messages.java.i
data/elexis/rsc/plaf/classic/icons/person.ico.i
data/ch.elexis.connect.sysmex/doc/elexis-connect-sysmex.tex.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/scripting/messages_fr.properties.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/views/artikel/messages_en.properties.i
data/medshare-connect-abacusjunior/build.xml.i
data/ch.elexis.mail/plugin.xml.i
data/elexis-ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/views/FieldDisplayView.java.i
data/elexis/plugin_de.properties.i
data/elexis/src/bmsi/util/Diff.java.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_2.HL7.i
data/ch.elexis/src/ch/elexis/selectors/MoneyField.java.i
data/ch.elexis.ui/src/ch/elexis/ui/dialogs/Messages.java.i
data/elexis-importer/src/com/healthmarketscience/jackcess/query/CrossTabQuery.java.i
data/dokumentation/images/notizen2.png.i
data/elexis/rsc/parview.png.i
data/ch.elexis.core.icons/icons/reminder_perspective.png.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/vcard.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/dialogs/MediDetailDialog.java.i
data/elexis-medikamente-bag/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF.i
data/elexis-buchhaltung-basis/.project.i
data/doc_fr/images/befunde7.png.i
data/elexis/src/ch/elexis/exchange/elements/DocumentElement.java.i
data/ch.elexis.nl_en/.project.i
data/ch.elexis_test/src/ch/elexis/data/Test_Query.java.i
data/ch.elexis/rsc/plaf/modern/icons/cross_small.png.i
data/doc_fr/text/datenfelder.tex.i
data/ch.elexis.importer.div_test/rsc/Unilabs_StGallen/Unilabs_StGallen_26.HL7.i
